oncotree_code : ADRENAL_GLAND
tissue_name : Adrenal Gland
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma adrenocortical malignant; adenoma adrenal cortex; adenoma adrenocortical benign; adrenal cortex adenocarcinoma; adrenal cortex adenoma; adrenal cortex cancer; adrenal cortex carcinoma; adrenal cortical adenocarcinoma; adrenal cortical adenoma; adrenal cortical carcinoma; adrenal gland cancer; adrenal gland chromaffin paraganglioma; adrenal gland chromaffinoma; adrenal gland paraganglioma; adrenal gland pheochromocytoma; adrenal glands; adrenal medullary paraganglioma; adrenal medullary pheochromocytoma; adrenal pheochromocytoma; adrenal structure (body structure); adrenals; adrenocortical adenoma; adrenocortical cancer; adrenocortical carcinoma; benign adenoma adrenal gland; benign adrenal adenoma; benign adrenal gland adenoma; cancer adrenal cortex; carcinoma adrenal cortex; chromaffin paraganglioma adrenal gland; cortical cell adenoma; cortical cell carcinoma; gland adrenal; glandula adrenalis; glandula suprarenalis; intraadrenal paraganglioma; pcc; pheochromocytoma (adrenal); suprarenal gland
descriptions : A benign neoplasm that can arise from any of the adrenal cortical layers.  It can be associated with the overproduction of glucocorticoids (Cushing's syndrome), androgenic or estrogenic steroids (adrenogenital syndrome), or mineralocorticoids (Conn's syndrome). (Sternberg Diagnostic Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed.); A flattened, roughly triangular body resting upon the upper end of each kidney; it is one of the ductless glands furnishing internal secretions (epinephrine and norepinephrine from the medulla and steroid hormones from the cortex).; A neuroendocrine neoplasm of the sympathetic nervous system that arises from the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla and secretes catecholamines. Clinical presentation includes headaches, palpitations, chest and abdominal pain, hypertension, fever, and tremor.  Microscopically, a characteristic nesting (zellballen) growth pattern is usually seen.  Other growth patterns including trabecular pattern may also be present.; A rare, usually large (greater than 5cm) carcinoma that arises from the adrenal cortex. Symptoms are usually related to the excessive production of hormones and include Cushing's syndrome and virilism in women. Common sites of metastasis include liver, lung, bone, and retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Advanced radiologic procedures have enabled the detection of small tumors, resulting in the improvement of the 5-year survival.

oncotree_code : AMPULLA_OF_VATER
tissue_name : Ampulla of Vater
key_phrases : ampulla bile duct; ampulla biliaropancreatica; ampulla vater cancer; ampulla vater carcinoma; ampulla vater intestinal-type adenocarcinoma; ampulla vater invasive intestinal type adenocarcinoma; ampullary cancer; biliaropancreatic ampulla; hepatopancreatic ampulla; intestinal ampullary carcinoma; mixed ampullary carcinoma; pancreatobiliary ampullary carcinoma; papilla vateri; vater's ampulla
descriptions : A carcinoma arising from the ampulla of Vater.  The vast majority of cases are adenocarcinomas.  Signs and symptoms include jaundice, abdominal pain, anorexia, nausea, vomiting, and weight loss.; An invasive adenocarcinoma arising from the ampulla of Vater. Morphologically, it is characterized by the presence of intestinal-type malignant epithelial cells.; The junction of the common bile and main pancreatic ducts, which protrudes into the medial aspect of the descending duodenum at the major duodenal papilla. The flow of bile and pancreatic juices into the duodenum through the Ampulla of Vater is controlled by the sphincter of Oddi.

oncotree_code : BILIARY_TRACT
tissue_name : Biliary Tract
key_phrases : adenosquamous carcinoma gallbladder; bile tract; biliary system; biliary tract cancer; cancer gallbladder; cholangiocar.- intra/extrahepatic; cholangiocarcinoma intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts (adenocarcinoma); cholangiocarcinoma intrahepatic malignant; cholangiocarcinoma malignant; cholangiosarcoma; extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; gall bladder carcinoma (adeno); gall bladder carcinoma (adenocarcinoma); gallbladder adenocarcinoma; gallbladder cancer; hepatobiliary cancer; icca; intracholecystic papillary neoplasm; intraductal papillary neoplasm bile duct; intrahepatic bile duct cancer (cholangiocarcinoma); intrahepatic bile duct carcinoma; intrahepatic carcinoma bile duct; intrahepatic cholangiocellular carcinoma; large duct intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; perihilar cholangiocarcinoma; small cell gallbladder carcinoma; tract biliary
descriptions : A carcinoma that arises from the intrahepatic bile duct epithelium in any site of the intrahepatic biliary tree.  Grossly, the malignant lesions are solid, nodular, and grayish.  Morphologically, the vast majority of cases are adenocarcinomas.  Signs and symptoms include malaise, weight loss, right upper quadrant abdominal pain, and night sweats.  Early detection is difficult and the prognosis is generally poor.; A carcinoma that arises from the intrahepatic bile ducts, the hepatic ducts, or the common bile duct distal to the insertion of the cystic duct. The vast majority of tumors are adenocarcinomas.; A malignant tumor arising from the epithelium of the gallbladder. It is usually associated with the presence of gallstones. Clinical symptoms are not specific and usually present late in the course. Morphologically, most gallbladder carcinomas are adenocarcinomas; squamous cell carcinomas, adenosquamous carcinomas, signet ring carcinomas, and undifferentiated carcinomas can also occur.; An intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma that arises from the intrahepatic large bile ducts.; The system that transports bile from the hepatocytes in the liver to the small intestine. It is comprised of the intrahepatic bile ducts, hepatic ducts, common bile duct, cystic duct, and the gallbladder.

oncotree_code : BLADDER
tissue_name : Bladder/Urinary Tract
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma bladder; adenocarcinoma urethra; adenocarcinoma urinary bladder; bladder adenocarcinoma excluding clear cell adenocarcinoma and endometrioid adenocarcinoma; bladder carcinosarcoma; bladder small cell carcinoma; bladder small cell neuroendocrine cancer; bladder small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; bladder squamous cell cancer; bladder urachal adenocarcinoma; bladder urachal cancer; bladder urachal carcinoma; bladder urothelial cancer; bladder/urinary tract cancer; epidermoid carcinoma bladder; epidermoid carcinoma urethra; epidermoid carcinoma urinary bladder; infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma lymphoma-like/plasmacytoid variant; infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma plasmacytoid variant; infiltrating bladder urothelial carcinoma sarcomatoid variant; inflammatory myofibroblastic bladder tumor; inflammatory myofibroblastic neoplasm bladder; inflammatory myofibroblastic neoplasm urinary bladder; inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor bladder; inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor urinary bladder; invasive bladder lymphoma-like/plasmacytoid urothelial carcinoma; invasive bladder plasmacytoid urothelial carcinoma; invasive bladder sarcomatoid urothelial carcinoma; invasive bladder urothelial carcinoma lymphoma-like/plasmacytoid variant; invasive bladder urothelial carcinoma plasmacytoid variant; invasive bladder urothelial carcinoma sarcomatoid variant; inverted urothelial papilloma; mucosal melanoma urethra; plasmacytoid/signet ring cell bladder carcinoma; renal pelvis and ureter tcc; renal pelvis and ureter transitional cell cancer; renal pelvis and ureter transitional cell carcinoma; renal pelvis and ureter urothelial cancer; renal pelvis and ureter urothelial carcinoma; sarcomatoid carcinoma urinary bladder; small cell bladder cancer; small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma urinary bladder; squamous cell carcinoma bladder; squamous cell carcinoma urethra; squamous cell carcinoma urinary bladder; tcc renal pelvis and ureter; transitional cell cancer renal pelvis and ureter; transitional cell carcinoma renal pelvis and ureter; transitional cell carcinoma urinary bladder; upper tract urothelial carcinoma; upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma; urethra adenocarcinoma; urethra carcinoma; urethra epidermoid carcinoma; urethra squamous cell carcinoma; urethral adenocarcinoma; urethral cancer; urethral carcinoma; urethral epidermoid carcinoma; urethral squamous cell cancer; urethral squamous cell carcinoma; urethral urothelial carcinoma; urinary bladder adenocarcinoma; urinary bladder epidermoid carcinoma; urinary bladder inflammatory myofibroblastic neoplasm; urinary bladder inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor; urinary bladder squamous cell carcinoma; urinary bladder structure (body structure); urinary bladder transitional cell carcinoma; urinary bladder urothelial carcinoma; urinary system bladder; urothelial carcinoma renal pelvis and ureter; urothelial carcinoma upper urinary tract; urothelial carcinoma urinary bladder; vesica urinaria
descriptions : A carcinoma that arises from the urethra. Morphologically, the tumors are similar to those described in the bladder.; A carcinoma that arises from the urothelial lining of the bladder.  It is the most common morphologic type of urinary bladder carcinoma. It usually affects males in their sixth and seventh decades of life.  Hematuria is the most common symptom at presentation. Pathologic stage is the strongest predictor of survival.; A rare adenocarcinoma arising from metaplastic bladder epithelium. It is frequently associated with long-standing local irritation. The majority of cases originate from the trigone and the posterior wall of the bladder. This group does not include clear cell and endometrioid adenocarcinomas.; A rare bladder adenocarcinoma that develops from the urachal remnant.; A rare variant of carcinoma of the urachal remnant of bladder.; A small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma arising from the bladder.; A squamous cell carcinoma of the bladder arising from metaplastic epithelium.  It represents less than 10% of bladder carcinomas.  The exception is the Middle East along the Nile Valley, where it represents the most common form of carcinoma because of the endemic nature of schistosomiasis.  Bladder squamous cell carcinoma is often associated with long-standing chronic inflammation of the bladder and usually has a poor prognosis.  The diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the bladder should be reserved for those tumors that are predominantly keratin forming.; A urothelial carcinoma that arises from the renal pelvis and ureter.; A well differentiated, moderately differentiated, or poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the male or female urethra.; An adenocarcinoma that arises from the male or female urethra.; An intermediate fibroblastic neoplasm that arises from the bladder and is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts and myofibroblasts, and a chronic inflammatory infiltrate composed of eosinophils, lymphocytes, and plasma cells.; An invasive urothelial carcinoma of the bladder that exhibits spindle cell sarcomatoid features.; Invasive bladder urothelial carcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant cells with plasmacytoid features.; The distensible sac-like organ that functions as a reservoir of urine, collecting from the kidneys and eliminating via the urethra.

oncotree_code : BONE
tissue_name : Bone
key_phrases : adamantinoma; benign bone giant cell tumor; bone cancer; bone element; bone mesenchymal chondrosarcoma; bones; chondroblastic osteogenic sarcoma; chondroblastoma not otherwise specified; chondrosarcoma malignant; chordoma malignant; conventional type chordoma; dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma; dedifferentiated chordoma; emc; ewing sarcoma; ewing tumor; ewing's sarcoma; ewing's tumor; extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcoma; fibroblastic osteogenic sarcoma; fibroblastic osteosarcoma; fibrosarcoma osteogenic malignant; fibrosarcomatous osteogenic sarcoma; fibrosarcomatous osteosarcoma; gctb; giant cell tumor benign; giant cell tumor bone; high grade surface osteosarcoma; high-grade surface osteosarcoma; intraosseous well differentiated osteosarcoma; intraosseous well-differentiated osteogenic sarcoma; intraosseous well-differentiated osteosarcoma; juxtacortical chondroblastic osteosarcoma; juxtacortical osteogenic sarcoma; juxtacortical osteosarcoma; lgcos; low grade central osteosarcoma; low grade intramedullary osteosarcoma; low-grade central osteosarcoma; low-grade intramedullary osteosarcoma; malignant bone aneurysm; mesenchymal chondrosarcoma bone; myxoid extraosseous chondrosarcoma; myxoid extraskeletal chondrosarcoma; nr4a3-rearranged myxoid sarcoma; osteoblastic osteosarcoma; osteoblastic sarcoma; osteoclastoma benign; osteogenic fibrosarcoma; osteosarcoma malignant; parosteal osteogenic sarcoma; parosteal osteosarcoma; periosteal osteosarcoma; sarcomatoid chordoma; secondary bone osteosarcoma; secondary osteosarcoma; small cell osteogenic sarcoma; small cell osteosarcoma; surface periosteal; telangiectatic osteogenic sarcoma; telangiectatic osteosarcoma
descriptions : A benign, chondroid-producing, well-circumscribed, lytic neoplasm usually arising from the epiphysis of long bones.  It is characterized by the presence of chondroblasts, osteoclast-like giant cells, chondroid formation, calcification, and mitotic activity. In aggressive cases, there is rearrangement of the 8q21 chromosome band.  It occurs most frequently in children and young adults and rarely metastasizes.; A chondrosarcoma characterized by the presence of myxoid changes.; A conventional osteosarcoma characterized by the predominance of osteoid matrix.; A conventional osteosarcoma characterized by the presence of spindle shaped cells.; A high-grade malignant bone tumor arising from the remnants of the notochord. It is characterized by a lobulated growth pattern, myxoid stroma formation, the presence of physaliphorous cells, and a sarcomatous component.; A locally aggressive tumor that arises from the bone and is composed of mononuclear cells admixed with macrophages and osteoclast-like giant cells. It usually arises from the ends of long bones or the vertebrae. Clinical presentation includes pain, edema, and decreased range of motion in the affected joint.; A low grade malignant bone-forming mesenchymal neoplasm arising from the surface of the bone. It usually affects the distal posterior femur, the proximal tibia, and proximal humerus. Painless swelling is the usual clinical sign. Most patients are young adults and the prognosis is usually excellent.; A low grade osteosarcoma arising from the medullary portion of the bone. It affects the long bones and is characterized by the presence of fibroblastic stroma and osteoid production. Pain and swelling are the usual sign and symptom. The prognosis is more favorable than conventional osteosarcoma.; A low-grade malignant neoplasm that arises from the remnants of the fetal notochord. It affects almost exclusively the axial skeleton (skull and spine) and very rarely the appendicular skeleton and soft tissue. Although it can occur at all ages, it is more frequently seen in middle-aged adults. It tends to recur and may metastasize. The most common sites of metastasis are lung, bone, lymph nodes, and subcutaneous tissue.; A malignant cartilaginous matrix-producing mesenchymal neoplasm arising from the bone and soft tissue.  It usually affects middle-aged to elderly adults.  The pelvic bones, ribs, shoulder girdle, and long bones are the most common sites of involvement.  Most chondrosarcomas arise de novo, but some may develop in a preexisting benign cartilaginous lesion.; A morphologic variant of chondrosarcoma arising from the bone.  It is characterized by the presence of malignant small round cells, biphasic growth pattern, and well differentiated hyaline cartilage. Clinical presentation includes pain and swelling.  The clinical course is aggressive, with local recurrences and distant metastases.; A rare malignant soft tissue neoplasm of uncertain differentiation, characterized by the presence of chondroblast-like cells in a myxoid stroma and a multinodular growth pattern.  The most common sites of involvement are the deep soft tissues of the extremities, particularly the thigh.  It usually presents as an enlarging soft tissue mass.  Patients may have long survivals, but local recurrences and metastases occur in approximately half of the cases.  The most common site of metastasis is the lungs.; A small round cell tumor that lacks morphologic, immunohistochemical, and electron microscopic evidence of neuroectodermal differentiation. It represents one of the two ends of the spectrum called Ewing sarcoma/peripheral neuroectodermal tumor. It affects mostly males under age 20, and it can occur in soft tissue or bone. Pain and the presence of a mass are the most common clinical symptoms.; A usually aggressive high grade malignant bone-forming mesenchymal neoplasm arising from the surface of the bone.; A usually aggressive malignant bone-forming mesenchymal neoplasm, predominantly affecting adolescents and young adults. It usually involves bones and less frequently extraosseous sites. It often involves the long bones (particularly distal femur, proximal tibia, and proximal humerus). Pain with or without a palpable mass is the most frequent clinical symptom. It may spread to other anatomic sites, particularly the lungs.; An aggressive morphologic variant of chondrosarcoma. It is composed of a low grade chondrosarcoma and a high grade non-cartilagenous sarcomatous component. Due to the aggressive nature of the disease, its prognosis is poor.; An intermediate grade malignant bone-forming mesenchymal neoplasm with chondroblastic differentiation.  It arises from the surface of the bone and affects the diaphysis or diaphyseal- metaphyseal portion of the long bones.  A painless mass or swelling is the most common clinical sign.  It is associated with a better prognosis than conventional osteosarcoma.; An osteosarcoma arising from a pre-existing lesion of the bone, usually Paget disease, or due to radiation therapy.; An osteosarcoma characterised by the presence of atypical cartilage of variable cellularity.  It may or may not be associated with the presence of myxoid areas or focal bone formation.; An osteosarcoma usually arising from the metaphysis of long bones. It is characterized by the presence of a cystic architecture with blood-filled spaces. The prognosis is similar to that of conventional osteosarcoma.; An osteosarcoma usually arising from the metaphysis of long bones. It is characterized by the presence of small cells and osteoid production. The prognosis is usually unfavorable.; The structural organ comprised of specialized connective tissue that forms the skeletal components of the body.

oncotree_code : BOWEL
tissue_name : Bowel
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma anal glands; adenocarcinoma duodenum; anal cancer; anal gland adenocarcinoma; anal glands adenocarcinoma; anal malignant melanoma; anal melanoma; anal squamous cell cancer; anal squamous cell carcinoma; anorectal mucosal melanoma; appendiceal adenocarcinoma; appendiceal cancer; appendix adenocarcinoma; appendix mucinous adenocarcinoma; appendix net; appendix neuroendocrine tumor; appendix signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; appendix signet ring cell carcinoma; appendix signet-ring cell carcinoma; appendix well differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; appendix well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; bladder small cell carcinoma; bladder small cell neuroendocrine cancer; bladder small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; cancer small bowel; carcinoma small bowel; carcinoma small intestine; colon adenocarcinoma in situ; colon medullary carcinoma; colon signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; colon signet-ring cell adenocarcinoma; colonic adenocarcinoma; colonic signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; colonic type adenocarcinoma appendix; colorectal (colon or rectal) adenocarcinoma; colorectal (colon or rectal) neuroendocrine cancer; colorectal adenocarcinoma; colorectal cancer; colorectal mucinous adenocarcinoma; colorectal nec; colorectal net; colorectal neuroendocrine carcinoma; colorectal neuroendocrine tumor; colorectal well differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; colorectal well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; digestive system net; digestive system neuroendocrine tumor; digestive system well differentiated neuroendocrine tumor; duodenal adenocarcinoma; epidermoid anal carcinoma; epidermoid carcinoma anus; gastroenteropancreatic net; gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumor; gastrointestinal net; gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumors; gastrointestinal system neuroendocrine tumor; gep-net; goblet cell adenocarcinoma appendix; high-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma colon and rectum; intestinal structure (body structure); intestinal tract; intestines; low-grade appendiceal mucinous neoplasm; malignant melanoma anal skin; malignant melanoma anus; medullary carcinoma colon; mucinous adenocarcinoma appendix; mucinous adenocarcinoma colon and rectum; rectal signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; rectal signet-ring cell adenocarcinoma; signet ring adenocarcinoma rectum; signet ring cell adenocarcinoma colon and rectum; signet ring cell adenocarcinoma rectum; signet ring cell colon adenocarcinoma; signet ring cell type appendix; small bowel cancer; small bowel carcinoma; small bowel well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumor; small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma urinary bladder; small intestinal cancer; small intestinal carcinoma; small intestine cancer; squamous cell anal carcinoma; squamous cell carcinoma anus; tubular adenoma colon; well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumor appendix; well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumor rectum
descriptions : A carcinoma arising from the small intestine. The vast majority are adenocarcinomas. The remaining cases are adenosquamous, squamous, or undifferentiated carcinomas.; A malignant neoplasm arising from the glandular epithelium of the appendix with invasion of the appendiceal wall beyond the muscularis mucosa.  The majority of cases are well differentiated adenocarcinomas with mucinous stroma formation.  Clinically, it may present as an abdominal mass or with symptoms of acute appendicitis.  Patients with chronic ulcerative colitis are at a higher risk in developing appendiceal adenocarcinomas compared to the general population.; A melanoma arising from the anus.  Clinical presentation includes rectal bleeding, tenesmus, pain, and change in bowel habit.  The prognosis is usually poor.; A rare, invasive colon adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of sheets of malignant epithelial cells with vesicular nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.  It usually has a favorable prognosis.; A small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma arising from the bladder.; A squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) arising from the anal canal or the anal margin (perianal skin). Human papillomavirus is detected in the majority of cases. Homosexual HIV-positive men have an increased risk of developing anal squamous cell carcinoma in comparison to the general male population. Symptoms include anal pruritus, discomfort when sitting, pain, change in bowel habit, and bleeding. The prognosis is generally better for anal margin SCC than for anal canal SCC.; A well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm of low, intermediate, or high grade arising from the digestive system. It is characterized by the presence of cells with features similar to those of the normal endocrine cells of the digestive system. The neoplastic cells express immunohistochemical evidence of neuroendocrine differentiation and hormones.; A well-differentiated, low-, intermediate-, or high-grade neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the appendix.; A well-differentiated, low-, intermediate-, or high-grade neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the colon or rectum.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the appendix, characterized by the presence of mucinous stroma formation.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the appendix, characterized by the presence of signet-ring, mucin-producing malignant cells.  The signet-ring cells constitute more than fifty-percent of the malignant cells.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the colon.  It is more frequently seen in populations with a Western type diet and in patients with a history of chronic inflammatory bowel disease.  Signs and symptoms include intestinal bleeding, anemia, and change in bowel habits.  According to the degree of cellular differentiation, colonic adenocarcinomas are divided into well, moderately, and poorly differentiated.  Histologic variants include mucinous adenocarcinoma, signet ring cell carcinoma, medullary carcinoma, serrated adenocarcinoma, cribriform comedo-type adenocarcinoma, and micropapillary adenocarcinoma.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the rectum.  It is more frequently seen in populations with a Western type diet and in patients with a history of chronic inflammatory bowel disease.  Signs and symptoms include intestinal bleeding, anemia, and change in bowel habits.  According to the degree of cellular differentiation, rectal adenocarcinomas are divided into well, moderately, and poorly differentiated.  Histologic variants include mucinous adenocarcinoma, signet ring cell carcinoma, medullary carcinoma, serrated adenocarcinoma, cribriform comedo-type adenocarcinoma, and micropapillary adenocarcinoma.; An adenocarcinoma that arises from the duodenum.  Histologic variants include mucinous adenocarcinoma and signet ring cell carcinoma.; An aggressive high-grade carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the colon or rectum. It is composed of malignant small or large cells. The mitotic count is more than 20 per 2 mm2 and/or the Ki-67 index is more than 20%.; An anal adenocarcinoma arising from the epithelium of the anal glands.  The overlying anal mucosa does not show evidence of neoplastic changes.; An infiltrating adenocarcinoma arising from the rectum.  It is characterized by the presence of malignant glandular cells with prominent intracytoplasmic mucin.  These cells constitute more than 50% of the malignant cellular population.; An invasive adenocarcinoma of the colon characterized by the presence of malignant glandular epithelial cells which contain prominent intracytoplasmic mucin (signet ring cells).  The signet ring cells constitute more than 50% of the malignant cells.; An invasive colorectal adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of extracellular mucin pools that contain malignant glandular epithelial structures.  The extracellular mucin pools occupy more than 50% of the malignant lesion.; The most common type of colorectal carcinoma.  It is characterized by the presence of malignant glandular epithelial cells invading through the muscularis mucosa into the submucosa.  Histologic variants include mucinous adenocarcinoma, signet ring cell carcinoma, medullary carcinoma, serrated adenocarcinoma, cribriform comedo-type adenocarcinoma, and micropapillary adenocarcinoma.; The portion of the gastrointestinal tract between the stomach and the anus. It includes the small intestine and large intestine.

oncotree_code : BREAST
tissue_name : Breast
key_phrases : adenocystic breast carcinoma; adenocystic carcinoma breast; adenoid cystic breast cancer; adenoid cystic breast carcinoma; adenoid cystic carcinoma breast; adenomyoepithelioma breast; adenosquamous breast carcinoma; benign breast phyllodes tumor; benign phyllodes neoplasm breast; benign phyllodes tumor breast; borderline breast phyllodes neoplasm; borderline breast phyllodes tumor; borderline phyllodes neoplasm breast; borderline phyllodes tumor breast; breast adenoid cystic carcinoma; breast adenomyoepithelioma; breast adenosquamous carcinoma; breast angiosarcoma; breast benign phyllodes neoplasm; breast carcinoma with cartilaginous metaplasia; breast carcinoma with chondroid metaplasia; breast carcinoma with osseous metaplasia; breast carcinoma with signet ring; breast carcinosarcoma; breast cystosarcoma phyllodes; breast ductal carcinoma in situ; breast fibroadenoma; breast fibroepithelial neoplasms; breast fibroepithelial tumor; breast hemangiosarcoma; breast inflammatory carcinoma; breast invasive cancer; breast invasive carcinoma; breast invasive carcinosarcoma; breast invasive ductal carcinoma; breast invasive lobular carcinoma; breast invasive mixed mucinous carcinoma; breast lobular carcinoma in situ; breast metaplastic carcinoma; breast mixed ductal and lobular carcinoma; breast mixed epithelial/mesenchymal metaplastic carcinoma; breast mucinous carcinoma; breast sarcoma; breast signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; breast signet ring cell carcinoma; breast signet-ring cell carcinoma; breast solid papillary carcinoma; breast squamous cell carcinoma spindle cell variant; breast structure (body structure); breasts; classic invasive lobular carcinoma; colloid carcinoma breast; cystosarcoma phyllodes breast; cystosarcoma phylloides breast; ductal breast carcinoma in situ; ductal carcinoma in situ (dcis); epithelial type metaplastic breast cancer; fibroadenoma benign; fibroadenoma breast; hemangiosarcoma breast; ibc nst; infiltrating breast cancer; infiltrating breast carcinoma; infiltrating carcinoma breast; infiltrating colloid breast carcinoma; infiltrating lobular adenocarcinoma; infiltrating mucinous breast carcinoma; inflammatory breast cancer; inflammatory breast carcinoma; inflammatory carcinoma breast; intraductal breast carcinoma; intraductal carcinoma breast; intraductal carcinoma in situ breast; intraductal carcinoma in situ unspecified breast; invasive breast cancer; invasive breast carcinoma no special type; invasive breast lobular carcinoma; invasive carcinoma breast; invasive colloid breast carcinoma; invasive ductal carcinoma no specific type; invasive ductal carcinoma not otherwise specified; invasive ductal carcinoma nst; invasive lobular adenocarcinoma; invasive lobular carcinoma classic type; invasive mammary carcinoma; invasive mucinous breast carcinoma; juvenile secretory carcinoma breast; lobular breast carcinoma in situ; lobular ca in situ breast; lobular carcinoma in situ (lcis); lobular carcinoma in situ breast (lcis); lobular carcinoma in situ unspecified breast; low grade malignant breast phyllodes tumor; malignant breast phyllodes neoplasm; malignant mammary phyllodes neoplasm; malignant mammary phyllodes tumor; malignant phyllodes breast neoplasm; malignant phyllodes neoplasm breast; malignant phyllodes tumor breast; mammary adenocystic carcinoma; mastitis carcinomatosa; metaplastic adenocarcinoma with spindle cell differentiation; metaplastic adenosquamous carcinoma; metaplastic carcinoma breast; metaplastic carcinosarcoma; metaplastic squamous cell carcinoma; mixed ductal and lobular breast carcinoma; mixed ductal and lobular carcinoma breast; mixed epithelial/mesenchymal metaplastic breast carcinoma; mixed lobular and ductal breast carcinoma; mixed lobular and ductal carcinoma breast; mixed type metaplastic breast cancer; mpbc; mucinous breast cancer; mucinous carcinoma breast; nipple paget disease; nipple paget's disease; non-infiltrating ductal adenocarcinoma breast; non-infiltrating ductal breast adenocarcinoma; non-infiltrating ductal breast carcinoma; non-infiltrating ductal carcinoma breast; non-infiltrating intraductal adenocarcinoma breast; non-infiltrating intraductal breast adenocarcinoma; non-infiltrating intraductal carcinoma; non-infiltrating lobular breast carcinoma; non-infiltrating lobular carcinoma breast; non-invasive ductal adenocarcinoma breast; non-invasive ductal breast adenocarcinoma; non-invasive ductal breast carcinoma; non-invasive ductal carcinoma breast; non-invasive intraductal adenocarcinoma breast; non-invasive intraductal breast adenocarcinoma; non-invasive lobular breast carcinoma; non-invasive lobular carcinoma breast; paget disease nipple; paget's disease nipple; phyllodes breast tumor; primary mammary signet ring cell carcinoma; primary signet ring cell breast carcinoma; primary signet ring cell carcinoma breast; primary squamous cell breast carcinoma; primary squamous cell carcinoma breast; primary src breast carcinoma; primary src carcinoma breast; scc breast; solid papillary breast carcinoma; solid papillary carcinoma breast; squamous carcinoma breast; squamous cell breast carcinoma spindle cell variant
descriptions : A benign tumor of the breast characterized by the presence of stromal and epithelial elements. It presents as a painless, solitary, slow growing, firm, and mobile mass. It is the most common benign breast lesion. It usually occurs in women of childbearing age. The majority of fibroadenomas do not recur after complete excision. A slightly increased risk of developing cancer within fibroadenomas or in the breast tissue of patients previously treated for fibroadenomas has been reported.; A benign, malignant, or borderline biphasic neoplasm that arises from the breast parenchyma. It is characterized by the presence of an epithelial and a mesenchymal (stromal) component. The typical examples are fibroadenoma and phyllodes tumor.; A benign, malignant, or borderline circumscribed biphasic neoplasm that arises from the breast.  It usually affects middle-aged women.  It is characterized by the presence of a double layer of epithelial cells that are arranged in clefts, surrounded by a spindle cell mesenchymal (stromal) component.; A breast carcinoma characterized by the presence of a lobular and a ductal component. The ductal component comprises less than 50 percent of the tumor.; A breast carcinoma entirely confined to the mammary ducts. It is also known as DCIS. There is no evidence of invasion of the basement membrane. Currently, it is classified into three categories: High-grade DCIS, intermediate-grade DCIS and low-grade DCIS. In this classification the DCIS grade is defined by a combination of nuclear grade, architectural growth pattern and presence of necrosis. The size of the lesion as well as the grade and the clearance margins play a major role in dictating the most appropriate therapy for DCIS.; A carcinoma that infiltrates the breast parenchyma.  The vast majority are adenocarcinomas arising from the terminal ductal lobular unit (TDLU).  Often, the invasive adenocarcinoma co-exists with ductal or lobular carcinoma in situ.  It is the most common carcinoma affecting women.; A group of invasive breast carcinomas characterized by the presence of an adenocarcinomatous component which is admixed with a dominant component that is composed of squamous cells, spindle cells, or mesenchymal cells.; A malignant epithelial cellular proliferation characterized by the presence of atypical cells with large nuclei and abundant pale cytoplasm within the squamous epithelium of the nipple.  In almost all cases there is an underlying intraductal breast carcinoma or intraductal and invasive carcinoma.  The skin changes range from redness to eczematous appearance.; A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm that arises from the breast.  Representative examples include angiosarcoma, liposarcoma, leiomyosarcoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, and extraskeletal osteosarcoma.; A malignant vascular neoplasm arising from the breast.; A non-invasive adenocarcinoma of the breast characterized by a proliferation of monomorphic cells completely filling the lumina.  The overall lobular architecture is preserved.  It is frequently multifocal (90% in some series) and bilateral.  It seldom becomes invasive; however there is an increased risk of infiltrating ductal adenocarcinoma.; A phyllodes tumor of the breast characterized by infiltrative margins and a sarcomatous stromal component.  The sarcomatous stroma usually displays features of fibrosarcoma.  Liposarcomatous, osteosarcomatous, or rhabdomyosarcomatous elements may also be present.; A phyllodes tumor of the breast characterized by the presence of intermediate features and a stroma which usually resembles low grade fibrosarcoma.; A rare carcinoma that arises from the breast parenchyma and is entirely composed of squamous cells.; A squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the breast parenchyma and is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped malignant cells.; A term that refers to a large and heterogeneous group of invasive breast carcinomas that cannot be classified morphologically as any of the special histological types. (WHO 2019); A usually benign tumor arising from the breast. It is characterized by the proliferation of cells with myoepithelial differentiation around spaces which are lined by epithelial cells. Rarely, the epithelial and/or myoepithelial cells may undergo malignant transformation. Cases with malignant transformation may follow an aggressive clinical course, including recurrences and local and distant metastases.; A usually unilateral, benign and well circumscribed biphasic neoplasm that arises from the breast.  It usually affects middle-aged women.  It is characterized by the presence of a double layer of epithelial cells that are arranged in clefts, surrounded by a cellular, monomorphic spindle cell mesenchymal component.  Mitoses are rare.  Necrotic changes may be present in large tumors.; A well circumscribed, low grade neoplasm that arises from the breast.  It is characterized by the presence of sheets of malignant epithelial cells that are supported by fibrovascular structures.  When there is an invasive component present, it is usually a mucinous carcinoma.; An adenoid cystic carcinoma primarily involving the breast.  Three morphologic patterns are seen: cribriform, trabecular, and solid.  The prognosis is excellent.; An advanced, invasive breast adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of distinct changes in the overlying skin. These changes include diffuse erythema, edema, peau d'orange (skin of an orange) appearance, tenderness, induration, warmth, enlargement, and in some cases a palpable mass. The skin changes are the consequence of lymphatic obstruction from the underlying invasive breast adenocarcinoma. Microscopically, the dermal lymphatics show prominent infiltration by malignant cells. The invasive breast adenocarcinoma is usually of ductal, NOS type. There is not significant inflammatory cell infiltrate present, despite the name of this carcinoma.; An infiltrating lobular adenocarcinoma of the breast.  The malignant cells lack cohesion and are arranged individually or in a linear manner (Indian files), or as narrow trabeculae within the stroma.  The malignant cells are usually smaller than those of ductal carcinoma, are less pleomorphic, and have fewer mitotic figures.; An invasive adenocarcinoma of the breast characterized by the presence of islands of small and uniform cells, surrounded by large amounts of mucin.  Pure mucinous breast carcinomas generally have a favorable prognosis.; An invasive breast adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant epithelial cells with signet ring appearance.; An invasive breast carcinoma characterized by the presence of a mesenchymal cellular component.  The mesenchymal cellular component ranges from cartilaginous and osseous, to purely sarcomatous.; An invasive breast carcinoma characterized by the presence of tubular and glandular neoplastic cell structures, admixed with islands of neoplastic cells showing squamous differentiation.; An invasive breast carcinoma showing differentiation towards bone structures.; An invasive carcinoma of the breast showing differentiation towards cartilaginous structures.; One of two hemispheric projections of variable size situated in the subcutaneous layer over the pectoralis major muscle on either side of the chest.

oncotree_code : BRAIN
tissue_name : CNS/Brain
key_phrases : abrikossoff tumor; abrikossoff's tumor; adenoma anterior lobe pituitary gland benign; adenoma pituitary gland; adult-type diffuse glioma; anaplastic (malignant) meningioma; anaplastic choroid plexus papilloma; anaplastic ependymal neoplasm; anaplastic ependymal tumor; anaplastic ependymoma; anaplastic ganglioglioma; anaplastic medulloblastoma group 3; anaplastic medulloblastoma group 4; anaplastic medulloblastoma non-wnt non-shh; anaplastic medulloblastoma shh subtype; anaplastic meningioma; anaplastic pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma; angiocentric glioma (who grade 1); angiocentric glioma (who grade i); angiocentric neuroepithelial tumor; astroblastoma mn1-altered; astrocytoma diffuse malignant; astrocytoma idh-mutant grade 2; astrocytoma idh-mutant grade 3; astrocytoma idh-mutant grade 4; at/rt; atrt; att/rht; atypical choroid plexus papilloma; atypical meningioma; atypical pituitary adenoma; atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor (who grade 4); atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor (who grade iv); benign neoplasm pineal gland; benign pinealoma; cancer choroid plexus; cancer pituitary gland; capillary hemangioblastoma; carcinoma choroid plexus malignant; carcinoma pituitary gland; central nervous system embryonal carcinoma; central nervous system immature teratoma; central nervous system mature teratoma; central nervous system medulloepithelioma; central nervous system melanoma; central nervous system neuroepithelial neoplasm uncertain origin; central nervous system rhabdoid neoplasm; central nervous system rhabdoid tumor; central nervous system teratoma with malignant transformation; central neurocytoma (who grade 2); central neurocytoma (who grade ii); cerebellar liponeurocytoma (who grade 2); cerebellar liponeurocytoma (who grade ii); cerebellar neuroblastoma; cerebellar sarcoma; chordoid glioma 3rd ventricle; chordoid glioma third ventricle (who grade 2); chordoid glioma third ventricle (who grade ii); chordoid meningioma; chorioblastoma; choriocarcinoma malignant; chorioepithelioma; chorionic carcinoma; choroid plexus cancer; choroid plexus carcinoma; choroid plexus neoplasm; choroid plexus papilloma anaplastic; choroid plexus papilloma malignant; choroid plexus tumor; clear cell ependymoma; clear cell meningioma; cns cancer; cns ependymoma; cns glioblastoma (gbm); cns immature teratoma; cns mature teratoma; cns medulloblastoma; cns rhabdoid neoplasm; cns rhabdoid tumor; cns teratoma with malignant transformation; cns/brain cancer; combined germ cell neoplasm; combined germ cell tumor; craniopharyngioma adamantinomatous type; craniopharyngioma papillary type; desmoplastic astrocytoma infancy; desmoplastic infantile astrocytoma; desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma; desmoplastic medulloblastoma; desmoplastic nodular medulloblastoma; desmoplastic/nodular medulloblastoma shh subtype; diffuse astrocytoma myb- or mybl1-altered; diffuse hemispheric glioma h3 g34-mutant; diffuse low-grade glioma mapk pathway-altered; diffuse midline glioma h3 k27-altered; diffuse pediatric-type high-grade glioma h3-wildtype and idh-wildtype; dig; dnet; dnt; dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial neoplasm; dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor; dysplastic cerebellar gangliocytoma (lhermitte-duclos disease); dysplastic gangliocytoma cerebellum (lhermitte-duclos); dysplastic gangliocytoma cerebellum/lhermitte-duclos disease; embryonal carcinoma central nervous system; embryonal carcinoma cns; embryonal neoplasm; embryonal tumor with abundant neuropil and true rosettes; embryonal tumor with multilayered rosettes c19mc-altered; embryonal tumor with multilayered rosettes with c19mc amplification; encapsulated glioma; ependymoblastoma; ependymoma anaplastic; ependymoma with anaplasia; ependymomal tumor; esthesioneuroepithelioma; etmr c19mc-altered; extraventricular neurocytoma (who grade 2); extraventricular neurocytoma (who grade ii); folliculo-stellate cell tumor pituitary; ganglioglioma anaplastic; gbm (glioblastoma); germ cell tumor brain; germinoma; glioblastoma idh-wildtype; glioblastoma multiforme; glioblastoma with a sarcomatous component; gliomas glioneuronal tumors and neuronal tumors; gliosarcoma; grade 1 astrocytic neoplasm; grade 1 astrocytic tumor; grade 1 astrocytoma; grade 2 astrocytic neoplasm; grade 2 astrocytic tumor; grade i astrocytic neoplasm; grade i astrocytic tumor; grade i astrocytoma; grade ii astrocytic neoplasm; grade ii astrocytic tumor; granular cell myoblastoma; granular cell nerve sheath tumor; granular cell schwannoma; granular cell tumor; haemangioblastoma; hemangiopericytoma central nervous system; hemangiopericytoma meninges; high-grade neuroepithelial tumor; immature teratoma central nervous system; immature teratoma cns; infant-type hemispheric glioma; large cell medulloblastoma; large cell/anaplastic medulloblastoma; lipomatous medulloblastoma; localized brain neoplasm; low-grade astrocytoma; lymphoma (hodgkin and non-hodgkin); lymphoma (hodgkin's and non-hodgkin's); lymphoma malignant; lymphomatous; malignancy; malignant ependymoma; malignant growth; malignant lymphoma; malignant neoplasm; malignant neoplastic disease; malignant teratoma; malignant tumor; medulloblastoma malignant; medulloblastoma with extensive nodularity and advanced neuronal differentiation; medulloblastoma with extensive nodularity shh subtype; medulloblastoma with melanotic differentiation; medulloblastoma wnt subtype; medulloblastomas; medulloepithelioma central nervous system; medullomyoblastoma with myogenic differentiation; melanocytic medulloblastoma; melanocytoma; melanotic medulloblastoma; meningeal hemangiopericytoma; meningeal neoplasms; meningeal solitary fibrous tumor/hemangiopericytoma; meningeal tumor; meninges hemangiopericytoma; meninges neoplasm; meninges tumor; meningioma anaplastic; meningiomas; meningothelial tumor; mesenchymal chondrosarcoma cns; metastatic pitnet; metastatic pituitary gland carcinoma; metastatic pituitary neuroendocrine tumor; miscellaneous brain tumor; miscellaneous neuroepithelial tumor; mixed germ cell neoplasm; mixed germ cell tumor; monomorphus angiocentric glioma; myxopapillary ependymoma; neoplasm choroid plexus; neoplasm malignant; neoplasm meninges; neoplasm neuroepithelial tissue; neoplasm neuroepithelium; neoplasm pineal area; neoplasm pineal region; neoplasm sella turcica; neoplasm sellar region; neoplasm uncertain behavior meninges unspecified; neoplasm uncertain behavior pineal gland; neoplasm uncertain histogenesis; nervous system cns; neuroepithelial neoplasms; neuroepithelial tissue neoplasm; neuroepithelial tissue tumor; neuroepithelial tumors; neuroepitheliomatous neoplasms; non-metastatic brain neoplasm; olfactory esthesioneuroblastoma; olfactory neuroblastoma; olfactory neuroepithelioma; oligodendroglioma idh-mutant and 1p/19q-codeleted grade 2; oligodendroglioma idh-mutant and 1p/19q-codeleted grade 3; papillary glioneuronal tumor (who grade 1); papillary glioneuronal tumor (who grade i); papillary meningioma; papillary tumor pineal region; papilloma choroid plexus benign; pediatric-type diffuse high-grade glioma; pediatric-type diffuse low-grade glioma; pgnt; pilocytic astrocytoma; pilomyxoid astrocytoma; pineal area neoplasm; pineal area tumor; pineal body neoplasm; pineal body tumor; pineal gland pnet; pineal gland primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm; pineal gland primitive neuroectodermal tumor; pineal neoplasm; pineal parenchymal tumor intermediate differentiation; pineal pnet; pineal primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm; pineal primitive neuroectodermal tumor; pineal region neoplasm; pineal region tumor; pineal tumor; pinealocytoma; pineoblastoma (who grade 4); pineoblastoma (who grade iv); pineoblastoma malignant; pineocytoma (who grade 1); pineocytoma (who grade i); pineocytoma benign; pitnet/adenoma; pituicytoma (who grade 1); pituicytoma (who grade i); pituicytoma benign; pituitary carcinoma; pituitary gland adenocarcinoma; pituitary gland adenoma; pituitary gland cancer; pituitary neuroendocrine tumor (formerly pituitary adenoma); pituitary neuroendocrine tumor/adenoma; pleomorphic xantho-astrocytoma; pnet pineal gland; polymorphous low-grade neuroepithelial tumor young; posterior pituitary astrocytoma; pptid; primary brain tumor; primary cns melanocytic tumors; primary cns melanoma; primary malignant brain rhabdoid neoplasm; primary malignant brain rhabdoid tumor; primary malignant rhabdoid neoplasm brain; primary malignant rhabdoid tumor brain; primary neuroepithelial tumor; primitive neuroectodermal neoplasm pineal gland; primitive neuroectodermal tumor (pnet); primitive neuroectodermal tumor pineal gland; ptpr; pxa; rhabdoid meningioma; rhabdoid neoplasm central nervous system; rhabdoid neoplasm cns; rhabdoid tumor central nervous system; rhabdoid tumor cns; rosette-forming glioneuronal tumor fourth ventricle; sco; sella turcica neoplasm; sella turcica tumor; sellar neoplasm; sellar region neoplasm; sellar tumor; small cell glioblastoma; solitary fibrous tumor central nervous system; spindle cell oncocytoma adenohypophysis (who grade 1); spindle cell oncocytoma/oncocytic pituicytoma; spongioblastoma multiforme; subependymal astrocytoma; subependymal glioma; subependymoma benign; systema nervosum centrale; teratoma central nervous system with malignant transformation; teratoma cns with malignant transformation; third ventricle chordoid glioma; tumor choroid plexus; tumor meninges; tumor neuroepithelial tissue; tumor neuroepithelium; tumor pineal area; tumor sella turcica; tumor sellar region; tumor uncertain histogenesis; tumor uncertain origin; unclassified tumor malignant; undifferentiated ependymal neoplasm; undifferentiated ependymal tumor; undifferentiated ependymoma; well differentiated oligodendroglial tumor; well differentiated oligodendroglioma; who grade 1 ependymal neoplasm; who grade 1 ependymal tumor; who grade 2 astrocytoma; who grade 2 ependymal neoplasm; who grade 2 ependymal tumor; who grade 2 oligodendroglial neoplasm; who grade 2 oligodendroglial tumor; who grade 3 ependymal neoplasm; who grade 3 ependymal tumor; who grade i ependymal neoplasm; who grade i ependymal tumor; who grade ii astrocytoma; who grade ii ependymal neoplasm; who grade ii ependymal tumor; who grade ii oligodendroglial neoplasm; who grade ii oligodendroglial tumor; who grade iii ependymal neoplasm; who grade iii ependymal tumor; yolk sac tumor
descriptions : A WHO grade 1 slow growing tumor, more frequently affecting young adults. It is composed of small, uniform, mature cells resembling pineocytes with occasional large pineocytomatous rosettes. It may show a wide range of divergent phenotypes, including neuronal, glial, melanocytic, photoreceptor and mesenchymal differentiation. Pineocytoma generally has a relatively favorable prognosis. (Adapted from WHO); A WHO grade 1, indolent and relatively circumscribed brain tumor.  Morphologically it is characterized by the presence of astrocytes that line vascular and hyalinized pseudopapillae.  In between the pseudopapillae aggregates of neurocytes, large neurons, and ganglioid cells are present.; A WHO grade 1, relatively circumscribed, slowly growing, often cystic astrocytoma occurring in children and young adults.  Histologically it is characterized by a biphasic pattern with compacted bipolar cells associated with Rosenthal fibers and multipolar cells associated with microcysts and eosinophilic bodies/hyaline droplets. (WHO); A WHO grade 1, slow-growing brain neoplasm of children and young adults, associated with epilepsy.  Morphologically it is characterized by an angiocentric pattern, monomorphic cellular infiltrate, and ependymal differentiation.; A WHO grade 2 astrocytic tumor with a relatively favorable prognosis.  It is characterized by pleomorphic and lipidized cells expressing GFAP often surrounded by a reticulin network and eosinophilic granular bodies. It presents in the superficial cerebral hemispheres and involves the meninges. It typically affects children and young adults.; A WHO grade 2 neoplasm that arises from the brain parenchyma. Morphologically it is characterized by the presence of neoplastic uniform, round cells with neuronal differentiation. Unlike central neurocytoma, it does not involve the lateral ventricles. It usually affects young adults and has a favorable prognosis.; A WHO grade 2 or 3 pineal parenchymal neoplasm of intermediate-grade malignancy, affecting all ages.  It is composed of diffuse sheets or large lobules of uniform cells with mild to moderate nuclear atypia and low to moderate level mitotic activity.  (Adapted from WHO); A WHO grade 2, slow growing tumor of children and young adults, usually located intraventricularly. It is the most common ependymal neoplasm. It often causes clinical symptoms by blocking cerebrospinal fluid pathways. Key histological features include perivascular pseudorosettes and ependymal rosettes. (WHO); A WHO grade 3 malignant glioma of ependymal origin with accelerated growth and an unfavorable clinical outcome, particularly in children. It is characterized by high mitotic activity, often accompanied by microvascular proliferation and pseudo-palisading necrosis. (Adapted from WHO); A WHO grade 3 meningioma characterized by the predominance of a perivascular pseudopapillary pattern.; A WHO grade 3 meningioma characterized by the predominant presence of rhabdoid cells forming sheets.; A WHO grade 3 meningioma characterized by the presence of malignant morphologic features, including malignant cytology and a very high mitotic index (20 or more mitoses per ten high power fields).; A WHO grade I large cystic tumor that occurs almost exclusively in infants, with a prominent desmoplastic stroma having a neuroepithelial population consisting mainly of neoplastic astrocytes. It involves the superficial cerebral cortex and leptomeninges, and often attaches to the dura. Although clinically it presents as large tumor, it generally has a good prognosis following surgical resection. (Adapted from WHO); A WHO grade I large cystic tumor that occurs almost exclusively in infants, with a prominent desmoplastic stroma having a neuroepithelial population of neoplastic astrocytes together with a variable neuronal component. It involves the superficial cerebral cortex and leptomeninges, and often attaches to the dura. Although clinically it presents as a large tumor, it generally has a good prognosis following surgical resection. (Adapted from WHO); A WHO grade II meningioma characterized by the presence of brain invasion and an increased mitotic activity, or at least three of the following morphologic features: small cells, high cellularity, prominent nucleoli, lack of architectural pattern, and necrosis.; A WHO grade II morphologic variant of meningioma characterized by the presence of clear glycogen-rich polygonal cells.; A WHO grade II, usually recurring meningioma characterized by the predominance of tissues that are histologically similar to chordoma.; A WHO grade III neuroepithelial neoplasm composed of neoplastic, mature ganglion cells and anaplastic glial cells. The anaplastic changes in the glial component and high MIB-1 and TP53 labeling indices may indicate aggressive behavior. However, the correlation of histological anaplasia with clinical outcome is inconsistent. (Adapted from WHO); A benign or malignant neoplasm that affects the meninges.  The majority of the neoplasms arise from meningothelial cells and are called meningiomas.  Non-meningothelial cell neoplasms include mesenchymal, non-meningothelial tumors, hemangiopericytomas, and melanocytic lesions.; A benign or malignant neoplasm that affects the pineal region.; A benign or malignant neoplasm that occurs in the sellar region.  Representative examples include craniopharyngioma and pituitary gland adenoma.; A benign or malignant, primary or metastatic neoplasm with uncertain histogenesis.; A benign, WHO grade I cerebellar mass, which occurs in young adults and is composed of dysplastic ganglion cells.  It is the major CNS manifestation of Cowden disease, an autosomal dominant condition that causes a variety of hamartomas and neoplasms.; A benign, slow growing neoplasm which is typically attached to a ventricular wall. It is composed of glial tumor cell clusters embedded in an abundant fibrillary matrix with frequent microcystic change. Some lesions have the histological features of both subependymoma and ependymoma. It is often detected incidentally and has a very favorable prognosis. (Adapted from WHO.); A benign, slow growing tumor which may cause symptoms by blocking cerebrospinal fluid pathways.  It is characterized by the presence of delicate fibrovascular connective tissue fronds covered by a single layer of epithelial cells.  Mitotic activity is extremely low.  Surgical resection is usually curative. (Adapted from WHO); A brain neoplasm that is confined to a specific site without evidence of spread to other anatomic sites.; A central nervous system neoplasm arising from the fourth ventricle. It is characterized by the presence of neurocytes forming pseudorosettes and astrocytes which contain Rosenthal fibers. Cytologic atypia is minimal.; A central nervous system teratoma characterized by the presence of a malignant component. The malignant component most often is sarcomatous (rhabdomyosarcoma or undifferentiated sarcoma) or carcinomatous (squamous cell carcinoma or adenocarcinoma).; A choroid plexus papilloma characterized by increased mitotic activity.; A generally slow growing tumor attached to the dura mater. It is composed of neoplastic meningothelial (arachnoidal) cells. It typically occurs in adults, often women and it has a wide range of histopathological appearances. Of the various subtypes, meningothelial, fibrous and transitional meningiomas are the most common. Most meningiomas are WHO grade 1 tumors, and some are WHO grade 2 or 3 tumors. Most subtypes share a common clinical behavior, although some subtypes are more likely to recur and follow a more aggressive clinical course. (Adapted from WHO); A glial-neuronal neoplasm located in the cortex. It occurs in children and young adults with a long-standing history of partial seizures. A histologic hallmark of this tumor is the 'specific glioneuronal element', characterized by columns, made up of bundles of axons, oriented perpendicularly to the cortical surface. (Adapted from WHO); A group of neoplasms which arise from the ependymal lining of the cerebral ventricles and from the remnants of the central canal of the spinal cord.  Ependymal tumors occur predominantly in children and young adults with varied morphological features and biological behavior.  There are 4 types: ependymoma, anaplastic ependymoma, myxopapillary ependymoma and subependymoma. (WHO); A low-grade (WHO grade 2) astrocytic neoplasm. It is characterized by diffuse infiltration of neighboring central nervous system structures. These lesions typically affect young adults and have a tendency for progression to anaplastic astrocytoma and glioblastoma. Based on the IDH genes mutation status, diffuse astrocytomas are classified as IDH-mutant, IDH-wildtype, and not otherwise specified.; A malignant (clonal) proliferation of B- lymphocytes or T- lymphocytes which involves the lymph nodes, bone marrow and/or extranodal sites. This category includes Non-Hodgkin lymphomas and Hodgkin lymphomas.; A malignant germ cell tumor arising in the central nervous system. It is characterized by the presence of primitive, large malignant germ cells and lymphocytes.; A malignant germ cell tumor characterized by the presence of at least two different germ cell tumor components. The different germ cell tumor components include choriocarcinoma, embryonal carcinoma, yolk sac tumor, teratoma, and seminoma. It occurs in the ovary, testis, and extragonadal sites including central nervous system and mediastinum.; A malignant germ cell tumor of the central nervous system composed of large cells that proliferate in cohesive nests and sheets.  In rare occasions, tumor cells may replicate the structure of the early embryo, forming "embryoid bodies" replete with germ discs and miniature amniotic cavities. Additional morphologic characteristics include enlarged nucleoli, abundant clear to somewhat violet-hued cytoplasm, a high mitotic rate and zones of coagulative necrosis.  (Adapted from WHO); A malignant neoplasm arising from the choroid plexus.  It shows anaplastic features and usually invades neighboring brain structures. Cerebrospinal fluid metastases are frequent. (Adapted from WHO); A malignant neoplasm that originates in the neuroectoderm. The neuroectoderm constitutes the portion of the ectoderm of the early embryo that gives rise to the central and peripheral nervous systems and includes some glial cell precursors.; A malignant, invasive embryonal neoplasm arising from the cerebellum or posterior fossa. It occurs predominantly in children and has the tendency to metastasize via the cerebrospinal fluid pathways. Signs and symptoms include truncal ataxia, disturbed gait, lethargy, headache, and vomiting. There are four histologic variants: classic medulloblastoma, large cell/anaplastic medulloblastoma, desmoplastic/nodular medulloblastoma, and medulloblastoma with extensive nodularity.; A mature teratoma arising in the central nervous system.; A medulloblastoma characterized by nodularity and neuronal differentiation.; A medulloblastoma characterized by the presence of nodular, collagenous areas which do not contain reticulin, surrounded by hypercellular areas which contain an intercellular reticulin fiber network.; A medulloblastoma composed of large cells with prominent nucleoli and a larger amount of cytoplasm in contrast with the cells of the classic medulloblastoma.; A morphologic variant of chondrosarcoma arising from bone and soft tissue. It is characterized by the presence of malignant small round cells, biphasic growth pattern, and well differentiated hyaline cartilage. Clinical presentation includes pain and swelling. The clinical course is aggressive, with local recurrences and distant metastases.; A morphologic variant of glioblastoma characterized by the presence of a highly proliferative and monotonous population of malignant small glial cells.; A neoplasm composed of atypical neoplastic, often pleomorphic cells that invade other tissues. Malignant neoplasms often metastasize to distant anatomic sites and may recur after excision. The most common malignant neoplasms are carcinomas, Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin lymphomas, leukemias, melanomas, and sarcomas.; A neoplasm of the nervous system that arises from the neuroepithelial tissues.  Representative examples include astrocytic tumors, oligodendroglial tumors, ependymal tumors, and primitive neuroectodermal tumors.; A poorly differentiated malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the pineal region.  It usually occurs in children and it is characterized by the presence of small immature neuroepithelial cells.  It may follow an aggressive clinical course.; A rare glial neoplasm characterized by structural rearrangements of the MN1 gene at chromosome band 22q12.1. It is usually found in the cerebral hemispheres of young adults and children and predominantly affects females. Morphologically, it consists of elongated glial cells with abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm and GFAP-positive processes, arranged perivascularly.; A rare histological variant of glioblastoma (WHO grade IV) characterized by a biphasic tissue pattern with alternating areas displaying glial and mesenchymal differentiation (WHO).; A rare malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the cerebellum.  It is characterized by the morphologic features of a medulloblastoma and the presence of a striated muscle component.  Its clinical behavior is similar to medulloblastoma.; A rare malignant embryonal neoplasm characterized by the presence of small cells which resemble the cells of classic medulloblastoma and a minor population of melanin-forming neuroepithelial cells.  It usually has an unfavorable clinical course.; A rare neuroectodermal tumor originating from olfactory receptor cells in the sinonasal tract. In rare cases, it can be ectopic and originate from other sites such as the sellar region. Microscopically, it is characterized by neuroblastic differentiation with occasional formation of rosettes. If the tumor is not resected at an early stage, the prognosis is usually poor.; A rare tumor that arises from the pineal region and affects adults.  It is characterized by the presence of neuroepithelial cells and a papillary architecture.  Electron microscopic studies suggest ependymal differentiation.  The clinical course is variable.; A rare, WHO grade II cerebellar neoplasm which shows consistent neuronal, variable astrocytic and focal lipomatous differentiation. It occurs in adults, has a low proliferative potential and usually has a favorable prognosis. (Adapted from WHO); A rare, highly vascular tumor that is composed of abundant capillaries and stromal cells. It arises from the central nervous system and infrequently other sites. It is a slow growing tumor with a low risk of metastasis, despite its benign histological features.; A rare, slow-growing neuroepithelial neoplasm of uncertain origin affecting adults. It is located in the third ventricle. It is characterized by the presence of epithelioid cells which express GFAP, and mucinous stroma which contains lymphoplasmacytic infiltrates.; A rare, usually aggressive malignant embryonal neoplasm of the central nervous system occurring in children. It is characterized by the presence of neuroepithelial cells which form papillary, trabecular, or tubular structures and absence of C19MC amplification. Symptoms include headache, nausea, and vomiting.; A slow growing, WHO grade I glioma which generally occurs in young adults.  It arises almost exclusively in the conus medullaris, cauda equina, and filum terminale of the spinal cord. It generally has a favorable prognosis and is characterized histologically by tumor cells arranged in a papillary manner around vascularized mucoid stromal cores. (Adapted from WHO).; A solitary fibrous tumor that arises from the meninges.; A teratoma involving the central nervous system and characterized by the presence of an extensive component of immature, fetal-type tissues.; A tumor of the brain or spinal cord showing astrocytic differentiation. It includes the following clinicopathological entities: pilocytic astrocytoma, diffuse astrocytoma, anaplastic astrocytoma, pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma, and subependymal giant cell astrocytoma.; A usually malignant neoplasm composed of primitive (immature) tissues that resemble fetal tissues.  Medulloblastoma, ependymoblastoma, pineoblastoma, and Wilms tumor are representative embryonal neoplasms.; A very rare, WHO grade 1 neoplasm of the posterior pituitary. It is characterized by the presence of spindle cells with eosinophilic, granular cytoplasm forming fascicles.  Electron microscopic studies demonstrate the accumulation of intracytoplasmic mitochondria and lack of secretory granules.  Immunohistochemical studies are negative for pituitary hormones.  Patients may present with pituitary hypofunction, visual disturbances, headache, nausea and vomiting.  The clinical course is usually benign.; A well differentiated, slow growing neuroepithelial neoplasm composed of neoplastic, mature ganglion cells and neoplastic glial cells. Some gangliogliomas show anaplastic features in their glial component and are considered to be WHO grade III. Rare cases of newly diagnosed gangliogliomas with grade IV (glioblastoma) changes in the glial component have also been reported. (Adapted from WHO); A well differentiated, slow growing neuroepithelial neoplasm composed of neoplastic, mature ganglion cells.; A well-differentiated (WHO grade 2), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO); A well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm that arises from the adenohypophysial cells of the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland. The tumor can be hormonally functioning or not. It has a low frequency of metastatic spread. When metastatic, the term metastatic pituitary neuroendocrine tumor is endorsed instead of pituitary carcinoma. (WHO); An aggressive embryonal tumor with multilayered rosettes characterized by the presence of amplification of the C19MC region on chromosome 19 (19q13.42).; An aggressive malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the central nervous system. It is composed of cells with a large eccentric nucleus, prominent nucleolus, and abundant cytoplasm. Mutations of the SMARCB1 gene or very rarely SMARCA4 (BRG1) gene are present. The vast majority of cases occur in childhood. Symptoms include lethargy, vomiting, cranial nerve palsy, headache, and hemiplegia.; An aggressive malignant tumor arising from trophoblastic cells. The vast majority of cases arise in the uterus and represent gestational choriocarcinomas that derive from placental trophoblastic cells. Approximately half of the cases develop from a complete hydatidiform mole. A minority of cases arise in the testis or the ovaries. There is often marked elevation of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in the blood. Choriocarcinomas disseminate rapidly through the hematogenous route; the lungs are most frequently affected.; An antiquated term from the 1993 WHO classification of nervous system neoplasms. This category included three neoplasms: polar spongioblastoma, astroblastoma, and gliomatosis cerebri.; An astrocytic tumor of uncertain relation to pilocytic astrocytoma.  It occurs predominantly in infants and young children.  It is characterized by a monomorphic architectural pattern, usually associated with the absence of Rosenthal fibers and eosinophilic granular bodies.  The clinical course is usually aggressive.; An ependymoma, often supratentorial in location, characterized by the presence of ependymal cells with a perinuclear halo.; An extremely rare, WHO grade 1, circumscribed and slow-growing tumor that arises from the neurohypophysis or infundibulum and described in adults.  It is characterized by the presence of elongated, spindle-shaped neoplastic glial cells that form storiform patterns or interlacing fascicular arrangements.  Signs and symptoms include visual disturbances, headache, amenorrhea, and decreased libido.; An intraventricular neoplasm that originates from the choroid plexus.  The vast majority of choroid plexus neoplasms originate from the epithelial layer and include the choroid plexus papilloma, atypical choroid plexus papilloma, and choroid plexus carcinoma.; An intraventricular neuronal neoplasm composed of uniform round cells with neuronal differentiation. It is typically located in the lateral ventricles in the region of the foramen of Monro. It generally affects young adults and has a favorable prognosis. (Adapted from WHO); An unusual benign or malignant neoplasm characterized by the presence of neoplastic large polygonal cells with granular, eosinophilic cytoplasm which contains abundant lysosomes. It was originally thought to be a tumor originating from muscle cells and was named granular cell myoblastoma. Subsequent studies have suggested a derivation from Schwann cells. It affects females more often than males and it usually presents as a solitary mass. A minority of patients have multiple tumors. It can arise from many anatomic sites including the posterior pituitary gland, skin, oral cavity, esophagus, stomach, heart, mediastinum, and breast.; Pituitary neuroendocrine tumor that has spread from its original site of growth to another anatomic site.; The most malignant astrocytic tumor (WHO grade 4).  It is composed of poorly differentiated neoplastic astrocytes and is characterized by the presence of cellular polymorphism, nuclear atypia, brisk mitotic activity, vascular thrombosis, microvascular proliferation, and necrosis. It typically affects adults and is preferentially located in the cerebral hemispheres. (Adapted from WHO); The part of the nervous system that consists of the brain, spinal cord, and meninges.

oncotree_code : CERVIX
tissue_name : Cervix
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma in situ cervix uteri; adenocarcinoma in situ uterine cervix; adenocarcinoma mucinous malignant; adenoid cystic carcinoma cervix uteri; adenoid cystic carcinoma uterine cervix; adenosquamous cell carcinoma cervix uteri; adenosquamous cell carcinoma uterine cervix; canalis cervicis uteri; carcinoma endocervix; caudal segment uterus; cervical adenocarcinoma in situ; cervical adenocarcinoma villoglandular variant; cervical adenoid basal cancer; cervical adenoid basal carcinoma; cervical adenoid cystic cancer; cervical adenoid cystic carcinoma; cervical adenosquamous cancer; cervical adenosquamous carcinoma glassy cell variant; cervical adenosquamous cell carcinoma; cervical canal uterus; cervical clear cell adenocarcinoma; cervical clear cell carcinoma; cervical endometrioid carcinoma; cervical large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; cervical leiomyosarcoma; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma intestinal type; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma intestinal variant; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma intestinal-type; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma signet ring cell type; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma signet ring cell variant; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma signet ring cell-type; cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma signet-ring cell type; cervical neuroendocrine tumor; cervical poorly differentiated adenosquamous carcinoma; cervical rhabdomyosarcoma; cervical serous carcinoma; cervical small cell cancer; cervical small cell carcinoma; cervical small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; cervical squamous cell cancer; cervical squamous cell carcinoma not otherwise specified; cervical villoglandular adenocarcinoma; cervical villoglandular carcinoma; cervix uteri adenocarcinoma in situ; cervix uteri adenoid cystic carcinoma; cervix uteri adenosquamous cell carcinoma; cervix uteri clear cell adenocarcinoma; cervix uteri clear cell carcinoma; cervix uteri small cell carcinoma; cervix uteri squamous cell carcinoma; cervix uteri structure (body structure); clear cell adenocarcinoma cervix uteri; clear cell adenocarcinoma uterine cervix; clear cell carcinoma cervix uteri; clear cell carcinoma uterine cervix; colloid adenocarcinoma; colloid carcinoma; endocervical adenocarcinoma; endocervical cancer; endocervical carcinoma; endometrioid adenocarcinoma; gastric type mucinous carcinoma; gelatinous adenocarcinoma; gelatinous carcinoma; genital system female cervix; glassy cell carcinoma cervix; hpv- independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell type; hpv- independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell-type; human papillomavirus-independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell type; human papillomavirus-independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell-type; intestinal type mucinous carcinoma; mesonephric carcinoma; mixed cervical carcinoma; mucoid adenocarcinoma; mucoid carcinoma; mucous adenocarcinoma; mucous carcinoma; neck uterus; signet ring mucinous carcinoma; small cell carcinoma cervix uteri; small cell carcinoma uterine cervix; squamous cervical cancer; uterine cervix adenocarcinoma in situ; uterine cervix adenoid cystic carcinoma; uterine cervix adenosquamous cell carcinoma; uterine cervix clear cell adenocarcinoma; uterine cervix clear cell carcinoma; uterine cervix small cell carcinoma; uterine cervix squamous cell carcinoma; uterus cervix; villoglandular adenocarcinoma cervix
descriptions : A carcinoma that arises from the endocervix.; A cervical adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of a prominent villoglandular pattern.; A cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma that resembles a large intestinal adenocarcinoma.; A poorly differentiated variant of adenosquamous carcinoma that arises from the cervix. It is characterized by the presence of large malignant cells with ground glass cytoplasm and stromal eosinophilic infiltrates.; A rare aggressive neuroendocrine carcinoma that arises from the cervix and is characterized by the presence of malignant cells with abundant cytoplasm, large nuclei, and prominent nucleoli.; A rare carcinoma that arises from the cervix. It is characterized by the presence of cystic spaces surrounded by palisaded epithelial cells. The cystic spaces contain eosinophilic hyaline material or mucin. Nuclear pleomorphism, necrotic changes, and a high mitotic rate are also present.; A rare cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of signet ring cells.; A rare low grade carcinoma that arises from the cervix. It is characterized by the presence of nests of basaloid cells with focal glandular formations.; A small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma arising from the cervix.; A squamous cell carcinoma arising from the cervical epithelium. It usually evolves from a precancerous cervical lesion. Increased numbers of sexual partners and human papillomavirus (HPV) infection are risk factors for cervical squamous cell carcinoma. Survival is most closely related to the stage of disease at the time of diagnosis.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the endocervical glandular epithelium. It is classified as either human papillomavirus-related or human papillomavirus-independent adenocarcinoma. Histologic variants include usual-type, mucinous, mesonephric, serous, clear cell, and endometrioid adenocarcinoma.; An adenocarcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant glandular epithelial cells resembling endometrial cells. It can arise from the uterine body, ovary, fallopian tube, cervix, vagina, and uterine ligament.; An invasive adenocarcinoma composed of malignant glandular cells that contain intracytoplasmic mucin. Often, the infiltrating glandular structures are associated with mucoid stromal formation. It may arise from the large and small intestine, appendix, stomach, lung, ovary, breast, corpus uteri, cervix, vagina, and salivary gland.; An uncommon carcinoma arising from the cervix.  It is composed of malignant glandular epithelial cells and malignant squamous epithelial cells.; Cervical adenocarcinoma not associated with human papillomavirus infection and characterized by the presence of clear and hobnail cells. It is associated with in utero exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES).; Stage 0 includes: (Tis, N0, M0). Tis: Carcinoma in situ. N0: No regional lymph node metastasis.  M0: No distant metastasis. FIGO no longer includes stage 0. (AJCC 7th ed.); The lower part of the uterus occupying the region between the isthmus of the uterus and the vagina. It is divided into supravaginal and vaginal portions.

oncotree_code : STOMACH
tissue_name : Esophagus/Stomach
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma cardioesophageal junction; adenocarcinoma eg junction; adenocarcinoma esophagogastric junction; adenocarcinoma esophagus; adenocarcinoma gastroesophageal junction; adenocarcinoma ge junction; adenocarcinoma gej; adenocarcinoma linitis plastica type; adenosquamous carcinoma stomach; anaplastic carcinoma stomach; anaplastic gastric carcinoma; diffuse adenocarcinoma stomach; diffuse gastric adenocarcinoma; diffuse stomach adenocarcinoma; diffuse type stomach adenocarcinoma; escc; esophageal adenocarcinoma; esophageal epidermoid carcinoma; esophageal melanoma; esophageal poorly differentiated carcinoma; esophageal scc; esophageal squamous cell cancer; esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; esophageal/stomach cancer; esophagogastric adenocarcinoma; esophagogastric cancer; esophagus adenocarcinoma; esophagus melanoma; esophagus scc; esophagus squamous cell carcinoma; gastric (stomach) adenocarcinoma; gastric (stomach) adenosquamous cancer; gastric adenosquamous carcinoma; gastric diffuse adenocarcinoma; gastric intestinal type adenocarcinoma; gastric intestinal-type adenocarcinoma; gastric mucinous adenocarcinoma; gastric net; gastric neuroendocrine tumor; gastric oat cell carcinoma; gastric papillary adenocarcinoma; gastric remnant adenocarcinoma; gastric signet ring cell adenocarcinoma; gastric signet-ring cell adenocarcinoma; gastric small cell carcinoma; gastric small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; gastric tubular adenocarcinoma; gastric undifferentiated carcinoma; gastric well differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; gastric well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma; gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumors esophagus/stomach; gastrointestinal tract stomach; high-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma esophagus; high-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma stomach; intestinal adenocarcinoma stomach; intestinal gastric adenocarcinoma; intestinal stomach adenocarcinoma; intestinal type stomach adenocarcinoma; mucinous (colloid) adenocarcinoma; mucinous adenocarcinoma stomach; mucinous gastric adenocarcinoma; mucinous stomach adenocarcinoma; mucosal melanoma esophagus; oat cell carcinoma stomach; papillary adenocarcinoma stomach; papillary stomach adenocarcinoma; poorly cohesive carcinoma including signet ring cell carcinoma; poorly differentiated carcinoma stomach; scc esophagus; signet ring cell adenocarcinoma stomach; signet ring cell carcinoma stomach; signet ring cell gastric adenocarcinoma; signet ring cell stomach adenocarcinoma; small cell carcinoma stomach; smooth muscle neoplasm; squamous cell car. esophagus; squamous cell carcinoma esophagus; stad; stomach structure (body structure); tubular adenocarcinoma stomach; tubular stomach adenocarcinoma; undifferentiated carcinoma stomach; undifferentiated gastric (stomach) cancer; undifferentiated gastric carcinoma; undifferentiated stomach adenocarcinoma; well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumors stomach
descriptions : A carcinoma that arises from the stomach and is characterized by the absence of microscopic features of glandular or squamous differentiation.; A carcinoma that arises from the stomach and is characterized by the presence of malignant cells with glandular and squamous differentiation.; A malignant tumor with glandular differentiation arising predominantly from Barrett mucosa in the lower third of the esophagus.  Rare examples of esophageal adenocarcinoma deriving from ectopic gastric mucosa in the upper esophagus have also been reported.  Grossly, esophageal adenocarcinomas are similar to esophageal squamous cell carcinomas.  Microscopically, adenocarcinomas arising in the setting of Barrett esophagus are typically papillary and/or tubular.  The prognosis is poor.; A melanoma affecting the esophageal wall.  Melanoma in the esophagus is more commonly metastatic than primary.  Primary melanomas of the esophagus are polypoid and clinically aggressive.  (WHO, 2000); A poorly cohesive gastric adenocarcinoma characterized by malignant cells containing intracytoplasmic mucin.; A squamous cell carcinoma arising from the esophagus.  It is associated with a long history of tobacco and alcohol abuse and is exceedingly rare before the age of 30.  The median age is around 65 in both males and females.  It is located mostly in the middle and lower third of the esophagus.  Grossly, polypoid, ulcerated, plaque-like and occult lesions have been described.  The microscopic features are the same as in other squamous cell carcinomas.  Any degree of differentiation may occur, and variation within a single tumor is common.  The prognosis is poor.; A variant of gastric adenocarcinoma characterized by prominent dilated or slit-like tubules.; A variant of gastric adenocarcinoma with exophytic growth and elongated finger-like processes lined by cylindrical or cuboidal cells supported by fibrovascular connective tissue cores.; A variant of gastric adenocarcinoma with more than half of the tumor containing extracellular mucinous pools.; A well-differentiated, low-, intermediate-, or high-grade neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the stomach.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the stomach glandular epithelium. Gastric adenocarcinoma is primarily a disease of older individuals.  It most commonly develops after a long period of atrophic gastritis and is strongly associated with Helicobacter pylori infection. The lack of early symptoms often delays the diagnosis of gastric cancer. The majority of patients present with advanced tumors which have poor rates of curability. Microscopically, two important histologic types of gastric adenocarcinoma are recognized: the intestinal and diffuse type. The overall prognosis of gastric adenocarcinomas is poor, even in patients who receive a "curative" resection (adapted from Sternberg's Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed., 1999).; An adenocarcinoma arising from the stomach.  Microscopically, it is characterized by the presence of a diffuse infiltrate, composed of individual adenocarcinoma cells or groups of adenocarcinoma cells in a fibrous or mucoid stroma.  Many cells contain mucin droplets, producing a signet-ring configuration.; An adenocarcinoma of the stomach arising on a background of intestinal metaplasia.  Microscopically, it is characterized by a glandular pattern and it closely resembles a colonic adenocarcinoma.; An adenocarcinoma that arises from and straddles the junction of the stomach and esophagus. The category of adenocarcinomas of the gastroesophageal junction also includes the majority of adenocarcinomas previously called gastric cardia adenocarcinomas. Squamous cell carcinomas that affect or cross the junction of the stomach and esophagus are classified as carcinomas of the distal esophagus. Adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction occurs more often in Caucasian middle aged and elderly males. Clinical signs and symptoms include dysphagia, abdominal pain, and weight loss. The prognosis depends on the completeness of the surgical resection, the number of lymph nodes involved by cancer, and the presence or absence of postoperative complications. The presence of TP53 mutations indicates worse prognosis.; An aggressive high-grade carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the stomach and is composed of malignant small cells. The mitotic count is more than 20 per 2 mm2 and/or the Ki-67 index is more than 20%.; The primary organ of food digestion. It is located under the diaphragm, between the liver and the spleen as well as between the esophagus and the small intestine.

oncotree_code : EYE
tissue_name : Eye
key_phrases : adenoid cystic carcinoma lacrimal gland; eye cancer; eye melanoma; eyeball; intraocular melanoma; lacrimal gland tumor; malignant conjunctiva melanoma; malignant conjunctival melanoma; malignant melanoma conjunctiva; melanoma eye; melanoma uveal malignant; ophthalmic; optic; rb; retinoblastoma malignant; squamous cell carcinoma lacrimal gland; structure eye proper (body structure); uveal melanoma; uveal tract melanoma; uvm
descriptions : A malignant tumor that originates in the nuclear layer of the retina. As the most common primary tumor of the eye in children, retinoblastoma is still relatively uncommon, accounting for only 1% of all malignant tumors in pediatric patients. Approximately 95% of cases are diagnosed before age 5. These tumors may be multifocal, bilateral, congenital, inherited, or acquired. Seventy-five percent of retinoblastomas are unilateral; 60% occur sporadically. A predisposition to retinoblastoma has been associated with 13q14 cytogenetic abnormalities. Patients with the inherited form also appear to be at increased risk for secondary nonocular malignancies such as osteosarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma, and fibrosarcoma.; A melanoma derived from melanocytes of the uveal tract.  It is the most common primary intraocular tumor in the United States and Western Europe.  Similar to melanoma of the skin, it is rare in Africa and Asia.  Diagnostic procedures include ophthalmoscopic exam, fluorescein angiography and ultrasound.  Treatment includes: surgical excision of the eye, iridocyclectomy and tumor resection.  Recent treatments also include radiotherapy or photo coagulation.  Classification of uveal melanomas recognizes four cell types within these tumors: epithelioid, intermediate, mixed cell, and spindle cell types.  The spindle cell type uveal melanomas are further sub-classified as spindle cell type A and spindle cell type B.; A melanoma that arises from the conjunctiva.; A melanoma that arises from the structures of the eye.; The organ of sight or vision.

oncotree_code : HEAD_NECK
tissue_name : Head and Neck
key_phrases : acinar adenocarcinoma; acinar carcinoma; acinar cell adenocarcinoma; acinar cell carcinoma; acinic cell adenocarcinoma; acinic cell carcinoma; adenocarcinoma salivary gland; adenocystic carcinoma; adenoid cystic cancer; adenoid cystic carcinoma; adenosquamous carcinoma tongue; basal cell adenocarcinoma; cancer nasopharynx; carcinoma acinar cell malignant; carcinoma ex pleomorphic adenoma; carcinoma nasopharynx; carcinoma salivary duct; carcinoma with t(15;19)(q13;p13.1) translocation; clear cell ameloblastoma; clear cell odontogenic carcinoma; clear cell odontogenic tumor; craniocervical region; cylindroid adenocarcinoma; epidermoid carcinoma hypopharynx; epidermoid carcinoma larynx; epithelial-myoepithelial carcinoma; h and n; head & neck; head and neck cancer; head and neck carcinoma other; head and neck mucosal melanoma; head and neck neuroendocrine carcinoma; head and neck squamous cell carcinoma unknown primary; high grade salivary duct carcinoma; hnscc; hypopharyngeal conventional squamous cell carcinoma; hypopharyngeal epidermoid carcinoma; hypopharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma; hypopharyngeal throat squamous cell cancer; hypopharynx squamous cell carcinoma; laryngeal conventional squamous cell carcinoma; laryngeal epidermoid carcinoma; laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma; laryngeal throat squamous cell cancer; larynx epidermoid carcinoma; larynx squamous cell carcinoma; malignant odontogenic neoplasm; malignant odontogenic tumor; mammary analogue secretory carcinoma salivary gland origin; mec; midline carcinoma children and young adults with nut rearrangement; mouth scc; mouth squamous cell carcinoma; mucoepidermoid carcinoma; mucoepidermoid tumor; nasopharyngeal cancer; nasopharyngeal carcinoma; nasopharyngeal throat cancer; nasopharynx cancer; nmc; non-keratinizing sinonasal squamous cell carcinoma; npc; nuclear protein in testis (nut) midline carcinoma; nuclear protein in testis midline carcinoma; nut carcinoma; nut midline carcinoma head and neck; odontogenic tumor malignant; odontoma malignant; oncocytoma salivary gland; oral cavity scc; oral cavity squamous cell cancer; oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma; oropharynx squamous cell carcinoma; oscc; oxyphilic adenoma salivary gland; parathyroid cancer; parathyroid carcinoma; polymorphous adenocarcinoma; ringertz carcinoma; salivary adenocarcinoma; salivary carcinoma other; salivary gland adenocarcinoma; salivary gland cancer; salivary gland carcinoma; salivary gland myoepithelial carcinoma; salivary gland oncocytoma; salivary gland oxyphilic adenoma; scc mouth; scc oral cavity; scchn; sdc; sialoblastoma; sinonasal adenocarcinoma; sinonasal anaplastic carcinoma; sinonasal cylindrical cell carcinoma; sinonasal non-keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma; sinonasal schneiderian carcinoma; sinonasal transitional cell carcinoma; sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma; squamous cell carcinoma head and neck; squamous cell carcinoma hypopharynx; squamous cell carcinoma larynx; squamous cell carcinoma mouth; squamous cell carcinoma oral cavity; undifferentiated sinonasal cancer
descriptions : A carcinoma arising from the nasopharyngeal epithelium.  It includes the following types: keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma, nonkeratinizing carcinoma (differentiated and undifferentiated), basaloid squamous cell carcinoma, and papillary adenocarcinoma.; A carcinoma morphologically characterized the presence of cuboidal mucous cells, goblet-like mucous cells, squamoid cells, cystic changes, and a fibrotic stromal formation. It can occur in several anatomic sites, including parotid gland, oral cavity, paranasal sinus, skin, breast, lung, larynx, and lacrimal ducts. It is classified as low or high grade.; A carcinoma that arises from the major or minor salivary glands.  Representative examples include carcinoma ex pleomorphic adenoma, adenocarcinoma, adenoid cystic carcinoma, and mucoepidermoid carcinoma.; A locally aggressive carcinoma that arises from the salivary glands, predominantly the parotid gland. It is characterized by the presence of a malignant cellular infiltrate exhibiting myoepithelial differentiation. Patients usually present with a painless mass.; A malignant glandular epithelial neoplasm consisting of secretory cells forming acinar patterns. Representative examples include the acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas and the acinar adenocarcinoma of the prostate gland.; A malignant neoplasm which occurs mostly in the major salivary glands (most frequently in the parotid gland), but also in the minor salivary glands of the oral mucosa and the tracheobronchial tree. It is characterized by the presence of ductal structures which are lined by an inner layer of cuboidal epithelial-type cells and an outer layer of myoepithelial cells with clear or eosinophilic cytoplasm.; A malignant tumor arising from the epithelial cells.  Microscopically, the neoplastic epithelial cells form cylindrical spatial configurations (cribriform or classic type of adenoid cystic carcinoma), cordlike structures (tubular type of adenoid cystic carcinoma), or solid structures (basaloid variant of adenoid cystic carcinoma).  Adenoid cystic carcinomas mostly occur in the salivary glands.  Other primary sites of involvement include the lacrimal gland, the larynx, and the lungs.  Adenoid cystic carcinomas spread along nerve sheaths, resulting in severe pain, and they tend to recur.  Lymph node metastases are unusual; hematogenous tumor spread is characteristic.; A rare benign epithelial neoplasm composed of oncocytes, which are large cells with a large amount of granular eosinophilic cytoplasm containing numerous tightly-packed mitochondria.  Approximately 85% to 90% occur in the parotid gland; most of the remainder occur in the submandibular gland. The peak incidence is in the seventh through ninth decades of life. In almost all cases, swelling is the only complaint of the patient.; A rare neoplasm arising from tooth-forming tissues. It occurs in the maxillofacial skeleton or the gingiva. Symptoms include swelling, pain, bleeding, mobility of affected teeth, and oral mucosa ulcerations. It may metastasize to lymph nodes and distant anatomic sites early.; A rare, highly aggressive and lethal carcinoma that affects children and young adults.  It arises from midline epithelial structures, most commonly the head, neck, and mediastinum.  It is a poorly differentiated carcinoma and is characterized by mutations and rearrangement of the NUT gene.  A balanced translocation t(15;19) is present that results in the creation of a fusion gene involving the NUT gene, most commonly BRD4-NUT fusion gene.; A rare, highly aggressive carcinoma that arises from the sinonasal tract.  It is characterized by the presence of small to medium size malignant cells.  The prognosis is poor.; A squamous cell carcinoma arising from the hypopharynx.  Signs and symptoms include dysphagia, hemoptysis, and the presence of a neck mass.; A squamous cell carcinoma arising from the oral cavity. It affects predominantly adults in their fifth and sixth decades of life and is associated with alcohol and tobacco use. Human papillomavirus is present in approximately half of the cases. It is characterized by a tendency to metastasize early to the lymph nodes. When the tumor is small, patients are often asymptomatic. Physical examination may reveal erythematous or white lesions or plaques. The majority of patients present with signs and symptoms of locally advanced disease including mucosal ulceration, pain, difficulty with speaking, chewing, and swallowing, bleeding, weight loss, and neck swelling. Patients may also present with swollen neck lymph nodes without any symptoms from the oropharyngeal tumor. The most significant prognostic factors are the size of the tumor and the lymph nodes status.; A squamous cell carcinoma of the sinonasal tract characterized by a plexiform or ribbon-like growth pattern, cytological atypia, and lack of histological evidence of keratinization.; A squamous cell carcinoma that arises from any of the following anatomic sites: lip and oral cavity, nasal cavity, paranasal sinuses, pharynx, larynx, and salivary glands.; A squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the larynx.  It is the most common histologic type of laryngeal carcinoma.  It can arise from the glottis, supraglottic area, or it can be transglottic.  Glottic squamous cell carcinoma is the most frequent laryngeal carcinoma in the United States.  The symptoms, clinical behavior and the prognosis depend on the site of origin within the larynx.; A usually aggressive malignant neoplasm arising from tooth-forming tissues. It more often affects older females and more frequently occurs in the mandible. It is characterized by the presence of malignant epithelial cells with clear cytoplasm and a fibrotic stroma formation. It may recur and metastasize. Metastases may occur in the lymph nodes, lungs, and bones. Treatment of choice is resection with clean margins.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the salivary gland.  It includes the salivary gland polymorphous low grade adenocarcinoma, salivary gland oncocytic carcinoma, salivary gland mucinous adenocarcinoma, salivary gland low grade cribriform cystadenocarcinoma, salivary gland cystadenocarcinoma, salivary gland basal cell adenocarcinoma, salivary gland acinic cell carcinoma, salivary duct carcinoma, and salivary gland adenocarcinoma not otherwise specified.; An aggressive, high grade adenocarcinoma that arises from the salivary glands. It usually affects elderly males and presents as a rapidly enlarging mass. It metastasizes to regional lymph nodes and distant anatomic sites.; For oncology, an area of the body generally construed to comprise the base of skull and facial bones, sinuses, orbits, salivary glands, oral cavity, oropharynx, larynx, thyroid, facial and neck musculature and lymph nodes draining these areas.

oncotree_code : KIDNEY
tissue_name : Kidney
key_phrases : angiomyolipoma kidney; bdc; bellini duct carcinoma; carcinoma collecting ducts bellini; carcinoma kidney collecting duct; carcinoma renal cell malignant; carcinoma renal collecting duct; ccrcc; chromophil carcinoma kidney; chromophil renal cell carcinoma; chromophobe adenocarcinoma; chromophobe carcinoma kidney; chromophobe cell carcinoma kidney; chromophobe cell renal carcinoma; chromophobe rcc; chromophobe renal cell cancer; chromophobe renal cell carcinoma; clear cell adenocarcinoma kidney; clear cell carcinoma kidney; clear cell papillary renal cell carcinoma; clear cell rcc; clear cell renal cell cancer; clear cell renal cell carcinoma; clear cell sarcoma kidney; collecting duct renal cancer; collecting duct renal cell carcinoma; conventional (clear cell) renal cell adenocarcinoma; conventional (clear cell) renal cell carcinoma; conventional renal cell carcinoma; fh-deficient renal cell carcinoma; grawitz tumor; hypernephroid tumor; hypernephroma; kidney adenocarcinoma; kidney angiomyolipoma; kidney cancer; kidney clear cell adenocarcinoma; kidney clear cell carcinoma; kidney collecting duct carcinoma; kidney oncocytoma; kidney structure (body structure); kidneys; mucinous tubular and spindle cell carcinoma kidney; nutm1 renal cell carcinoma; oncocytoma kidney; papillary (chromophil) renal cell carcinoma; papillary rcc; papillary renal cell cancer; prcc; rcc clear cell adenocarcinoma; rcc w/ sarcomatoid features; renal angiomyolipoma; renal carcinoma collecting duct type; renal cell cancer associated with xp11.2 translocations/tfe3 gene fusions; renal cell carcinoma associated with xp11.2 translocations/tfe3 gene fusions; renal cell carcinoma chromophobe type; renal cell carcinoma clear cell adenocarcinoma; renal cell carcinoma sarcomatoid; renal cell carcinoma stage unspecified; renal cell carcinoma with sarcomatoid features; renal cell sarcomatoid carcinoma; renal clear cell adenocarcinoma; renal clear cell carcinoma with sarcomatoid features; renal collecting duct carcinoma; renal epithelial oncocytic neoplasm; renal epithelial oncocytic tumor; renal medullary carcinoma; renal mucinous tubular spindle cell carcinoma; renal neuroendocrine tumor; renal non-clear cell carcinoma; renal oncocytoma; renal small cell carcinoma; rhabdoid cancer; rhabdoid sarcoma; rhabdoid tumor; sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma; tfe3-rearranged renal cell carcinoma; translocation-associated renal cell carcinoma; trcc; unclassified renal cell cancer; unclassified renal cell carcinoma; urinary system kidney; wilms tumor; wilms' tumor; xp11 translocation renal cell carcinoma; xp11.2 translocation-related renal cell carcinoma
descriptions : A benign tumor of the kidney, characterized by the presence of large cells with abundant eosinophilic granular cytoplasm.  The majority of these tumors are discovered incidentally, during work-up of other conditions.; A carcinoma arising from the renal parenchyma.  There is a strong correlation between cigarette smoking and the development of renal cell carcinoma.  The clinical presentation includes : hematuria, flank pain and a palpable lumbar mass.  A high percentage of renal cell carcinomas are diagnosed when an ultrasound is performed for other purposes.  Radical nephrectomy is the standard intervention procedure.  Renal cell carcinoma is generally considered to be resistant to radiation treatment and chemotherapy.; A group of renal cell carcinomas characterized by the presence of different translocations involving the chromosome Xp11.2. These translocations result in the creation of gene fusions involving the TFE3 gene. Patients are usually children and young adults. Morphologically, the malignant epithelial cells form papillary patterns.; A high-grade carcinoma that arises from the kidney. It is not a distinct clinicopathological entity and includes a diverse group of renal cell carcinomas that have been transformed from a lower to a higher grade.; A low grade carcinoma of the kidney characterized by the presence of tubules which are separated by mucinous stroma. Often the tubular structures have a spindle cell appearance.  Patients are usually asymptomatic and occasionally they may present with hematuria or flank pain.; A malignant epithelial neoplasm of the kidney characterized by the presence of lipid-containing clear cells within a vascular network.  The tumor may metastasize to unusual sites and late metastasis is common.; A type of carcinoma that comprises a minority of renal cell carcinomas.  It is characterized by loss of chromosomes 1 and Y.  Based on the cytoplasmic characteristics of the neoplastic cells, this type of carcinoma is classified as classic (typical), eosinophilic, or oncocytic.  It has a much better prognosis than other renal cell carcinomas.; Also known as chromophil carcinoma, it represents a minority of renal cell carcinomas.  It can be hereditary or sporadic.  The sporadic papillary renal cell carcinoma is characterized by trisomy of chromosomes 7, 16, and 17, and loss of chromosome Y.  The peak incidence is in the sixth and seven decades.  It is classified as type 1 or 2, based on the cytoplasmic volume and the thickness of the lining neoplastic cells. The prognosis is more favorable than for conventional (clear cell) renal cell carcinoma.; Also known as collecting duct carcinoma, this is a rare type of renal carcinoma. It arises from the collecting ducts of the renal medulla, and most authors suggest that this is an aggressive tumor.; An aggressive malignant embryonal neoplasm usually occurring during childhood.  It is characterized by the presence of large cells with abundant cytoplasm, large eccentric nucleus, and a prominent nucleolus and it is associated with abnormalities of chromosome 22.  It can arise from the central nervous system, kidney, and the soft tissues.  The prognosis is poor.; An angiomyolipoma arising from the kidney.; One of the two bean-shaped organs located on each side of the spine in the retroperitoneum. The right kidney is located below the liver and the left kidney below the diaphragm. The kidneys filter and secrete metabolic products and minerals from the blood, thus maintaining homeostasis. On the superior pole of each kidney there is an adrenal gland. Each kidney and adrenal gland is surrounded by fat.

oncotree_code : LIVER
tissue_name : Liver
key_phrases : adenoma hepatocellular benign; adenoma liver cells; body system hepatic; carcinoma hepatocellular malignant; carcinoma liver and intrahepatic biliary tract; chcc-cca; cholangiohepatoma; combined hepatocellular cancer and intrahepatic bile duct cancer (cholangiocarcinoma); combined hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma; fibrolamellar cancer; fibrolamellar carcinoma liver cells; fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma; flc; gastrointestinal tract liver; hbl; hca; hemangiosarcoma liver; hepatic angiosarcoma; hepatic body system; hepatic hemangiosarcoma; hepatic organ system; hepatobiliary cancer; hepatoblastoma malignant; hepatocellular adenoma; hepatocellular carcinoma fibrolamellar; hepatocellular carcinoma plus intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma; hepatocellular fibrolamellar carcinoma; hepatocholangiocarcinoma; kupffer cell sarcoma; lihc; liver and intrahepatic biliary tract carcinoma; liver angiosarcoma; liver cancer; liver cell adenoma; liver cell cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma); liver cell carcinoma; liver cell fibrolamellar carcinoma; liver hemangiosarcoma; liver structure (body structure); malignant nonepithelial tumor liver; malignant rhabdoid tumor liver; mixed hepatocellular cholangiocarcinoma; oncocytic hepatocellular tumor; organ system hepatic; pediatric embryonal hepatoma; pediatric hepatoblastoma; polygonal cell type hepatocellular carcinoma with fibrous stroma; primary angiosarcoma liver; primary carcinoma liver cells; undifferentiated embryonal sarcoma liver
descriptions : A benign epithelial neoplasm arising from the hepatocytes. Grossly, it appears as a soft, round mass which often contains areas of hemorrhage and necrosis. Morphologically, the neoplastic cells resemble normal hepatocytes and form plates separated by sinusoids. Most patients have a history of contraceptive or anabolic steroids use.; A distinctive type of liver cell carcinoma that arises in non-cirrhotic livers and is seen predominantly in young patients.  The tumor cells are polygonal and deeply eosinophilic, and are embedded in a fibrous stroma.  The prognosis is similar to classical hepatocellular carcinoma that arises in non-cirrhotic livers, and better than hepatocellular carcinoma that arises in cirrhotic livers.; A malignant embryonal neoplasm that arises from the liver. It occurs almost exclusively in infants, although isolated cases in older children and adults have been reported. Microscopically,  it consists of either epithelial or epithelial and mesenchymal components.; A malignant tumor that arises from hepatocytes. Hepatocellular carcinoma is relatively rare in the United States but very common in all African countries south of the Sahara and in Southeast Asia. Most cases are seen in patients over the age of 50 years, but this tumor can also occur in younger individuals and even in children. Hepatocellular carcinoma is more common in males than females and is associated with hepatitis B, hepatitis C, chronic alcohol abuse and cirrhosis. Serum elevation of alpha-fetoprotein occurs in a large percentage of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Grossly, hepatocellular carcinoma may present as a single mass, as multiple nodules, or as diffuse liver involvement. Microscopically, there is a wide range of differentiation from tumor to tumor (well differentiated to poorly differentiated tumors). Hepatocellular carcinomas quickly metastasize to regional lymph nodes and lung. The overall median survival of untreated liver cell carcinoma is about 4 months. The most effective treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma is complete resection of the tumor. Lately, an increasing number of tumors have been treated with liver transplantation.; A malignant vascular neoplasm arising from the liver.; A rare tumor containing unequivocal elements of both hepatocellular and cholangiocarcinoma that are intimately admixed.  This tumor should be distinguished from separate hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma arising in the same liver.  The prognosis of this tumor is poor.; A triangular-shaped organ located under the diaphragm in the right hypochondrium. It is the largest internal organ of the body, weighting up to 2 kg. Metabolism and bile secretion are its main functions. It is composed of cells which have the ability to regenerate.

oncotree_code : LUNG
tissue_name : Lung
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma lung; adenocystic carcinoma lung; adenoid cystic carcinoma lung; adenosquamous cell lung carcinoma; adenosquamous lung cancer; adenosquamous lung carcinoma; anaplastic lung carcinoma; atypical lung carcinoid; basaloid large cell carcinoma lung; carcinoid tumor lung; ciliated muconodular papillary tumor lung; clear cell carcinoma lung large cell type; clear cell lung carcinoma large cell type; combined lung small cell carcinoma; combined small and large cell lung cancer; combined small and large cell lung carcinoma; combined small cell and large cell lung carcinoma; combined small cell carcinoma lung; combined small cell lung cancer; combined small cell lung carcinoma; combined small cell-adenocarcinoma; combined small cell-large carcinoma; combined type small cell carcinoma lung; combined type small cell lung carcinoma; epidermoid cell carcinoma lung; epidermoid cell lung carcinoma; giant cell carcinoma lung; inflammatory myofibroblastic lung tumor; large cell lung carcinoma clear cell variant; large cell lung carcinoma with rhabdoid phenotype; large cell nec; large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; large cell undifferentiated lung carcinoma; large-cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; lcnec; lscc; luad; lung adenocarcinoma in situ; lung adenocystic carcinoma; lung adenoid cystic cancer; lung adenoid cystic carcinoma; lung adenosquamous carcinoma; lung atypical carcinoid tumor; lung basaloid large cell carcinoma; lung carcinoid tumor; lung giant cell carcinoma; lung inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor; lung large cell carcinoma clear cell variant; lung large cell carcinoma with rhabdoid phenotype; lung large cell undifferentiated carcinoma; lung lymphangioleiomyomatosis; lung lymphangiomyomatosis; lung lymphoepithelial carcinoma; lung lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma; lung mucoepidermoid cancer; lung mucoepidermoid carcinoma; lung net g2; lung net grade 2; lung neuroendocrine neoplasm; lung neuroendocrine tumor g2; lung neuroendocrine tumor grade 2; lung non-small cell carcinoma; lung oat cell carcinoma; lung pleomorphic carcinoma; lung sarcomatoid carcinoma; lung small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; lung spindle cell carcinoma; lung squamous cell carcinoma; lung structure (body structure); lungs; lusc; lymphocytic pseudotumor lung; lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma lung; lymphoepithelioma-like lung carcinoma; malignant carcinoid tumor bronchus and lung; mixed small cell and large cell carcinoma lung; mixed small cell and large cell lung carcinoma; mucoepidermoid carcinoma lung; myofibroblastic tumor peribronchial; neuroendocrine neoplasm lung; non small cell lung cancer nos; non-small cell cancer lung; non-small cell carcinoma lung; non-small cell lung carcinoma; nsclc non-small cell lung cancer; nut carcinoma lung; oat cell carcinoma lung; oat cell lung carcinoma; pleomorphic carcinoma lung; pleuropulmonary blastoma; poorly differentiated non-small cell lung cancer; ppb; pulmonary adenocystic carcinoma; pulmonary adenoid cystic carcinoma; pulmonary blastoma childhood; pulmonary carcinoid tumor; pulmonary lymphangiomyomatosis; pulmonary neuroendocrine neoplasm; respiratory system lung; salivary gland-type tumor lung; sarcomatoid carcinoma lung; small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma lung; spindle cell carcinoma lung; squamous cell carcinoma lung; squamous cell lung cancer
descriptions : A carcinoma arising from squamous bronchial epithelial cells. It may be keratinizing or non-keratinizing. Keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma is characterized by the presence of keratinization, pearl formation, and/or intercellular bridges. Non-keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma is characterized by the absence of keratinization, pearl formation, and intercellular bridges. Cigarette smoking and arsenic exposure are strongly associated with squamous cell lung carcinoma.; A carcinoma that arises from the lung and is characterized by the presence of malignant glandular epithelial cells.  There is a male predilection with a male to female ratio of 2:1.  Usually lung adenocarcinoma is asymptomatic and is identified through screening studies or as an incidental radiologic finding.  If clinical symptoms are present they include shortness of breath, cough, hemoptysis, chest pain, and fever.  Tobacco smoke is a known risk factor.; A group of at least three distinct histological types of lung cancer, including non-small cell squamous cell carcinoma, adenocarcinoma, and large cell carcinoma. Non-small cell lung carcinomas have a poor response to conventional chemotherapy.; A highly aggressive carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the lung. It is characterized by the presence of malignant small cells and more than 10 mitoses per 2 mm2. Necrosis is frequently seen. Metastatic disease is usually present at the time of diagnosis.; A large cell lung carcinoma characterized by a predominance of clear cells that may or may not contain glycogen.; A large cell lung carcinoma characterized by the presence of a solid nodular or anastomotic trabecular growth pattern, peripheral palisading, and comedo type necrosis.; A large cell lung carcinoma characterized by the presence of rhabdoid cells.; A lung carcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant non-keratinizing squamoid cells, mucin-producing cells and intermediate type cells.; A malignant neoplasm affecting the lungs and/or the pleura. Pleuropulmonary blastoma is seen in children. Microscopically, the tumor may show features of chondrosarcoma, leiomyosarcoma, rhabdomyosarcoma, liposarcoma, or undifferentiated sarcoma. In approximately 25% of patients with pleuropulmonary blastoma, there are other lesions or neoplasms that may affect patients or their families, including lung or kidney cysts, and ovarian or testicular neoplasms. Heterozygous germline mutations in DICER1 gene have been identified in families harboring pleuropulmonary blastomas.; A morphologic variant of lung sarcomatoid carcinoma characterized by the presence of mononuclear and multinucleated pleomorphic neoplastic giant cells that lack cohesion.; A morphologic variant of sarcomatoid carcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant glandular or squamous cells associated with malignant giant and spindle cells.; A morphologic variant of sarcomatoid carcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant spindle cells and focal lymphoplasmacytic infiltrates.  Adenocarcinoma cells, malignant squamous cells, and giant cells are not present.; A morphologic variant of small cell lung carcinoma in combination with a non-small cell carcinoma.; A neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the lung.  This category includes typical carcinoid tumor, atypical carcinoid tumor, small cell carcinoma, large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma, and combined carcinoma.; A neuroendocrine tumor of the lung characterized by the presence of 2-10 mitoses per 2 mm2 and/or necrosis (usually punctate).; A rare and distinctive type of lung carcinoma characterized by the presence of a syncytial growth pattern, large vesicular nuclei with eosinophilic nucleoli, and dense lymphoplasmacytic infiltration.; A rare usually indolent lung carcinoma characterized by a cribiform and tubular pattern and the presence of glandular epithelial cells.  Clinical symptoms include shortness of breath, cough, wheeze, hemopytsis and chest pain.; A rare, aggressive, poorly differentiated, non-small cell lung carcinoma characterized by the presence of a sarcomatoid component often associated with giant cell differentiation. There is a male to female ratio of 4:1.  Clinical symptoms include cough, hemoptysis, chest pain, progressive dyspnea and fever secondary to recurrent pneumonia. Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor.; A well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm that arises from the lung. It is characterized by the presence of uniform polygonal cells with small or moderate amount of cytoplasm and inconspicuous nucleoli. The cells are usually arranged in organoid and trabecular patterns. It is classified as grade 1 (G1-typical carcinoid tumor) or grade 2 (G2-atypical carcinoid tumor) based on the number of mitotic figures and the absence or presence of necrosis. Grade 2 neuroendocrine tumors have a worse prognosis.; An aggressive carcinoma with a poor prognosis characterized by a presence of both malignant squamous cells and glandular cells.; An aggressive high-grade carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation composed of malignant large cells.; An intermediate fibroblastic neoplasm that arises from the lung and is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts and myofibroblasts, and a chronic inflammatory infiltrate composed of eosinophils, lymphocytes, and plasma cells.; An undifferentiated non-small cell lung carcinoma composed of large polygonal cells without evidence of glandular, squamous, or neuroendocrine differentiation.; Lymphangiomyomatosis involving the lungs and local lymph nodes.  Patients usually present with chylous pleural effusion.  The clinical course is variable.  Patients with resectable lesions usually have a favorable clinical outcome.  Patients with diffuse lesions usually have a progressive clinical course.; One of a pair of viscera occupying the pulmonary cavities of the thorax, the organs of respiration in which aeration of the blood takes place. As a rule, the right lung is slightly larger than the left and is divided into three lobes (an upper, a middle, and a lower or basal), while the left has two lobes (an upper and a lower or basal). Each lung is irregularly conical in shape, presenting a blunt upper extremity (the apex), a concave base following the curve of the diaphragm, an outer convex surface (costal surface), an inner or mediastinal surface (mediastinal surface), a thin and sharp anterior border, and a thick and rounded posterior border.

oncotree_code : LYMPH
tissue_name : Lymphoid
key_phrases : activated b-cell type; adult t cell lymphoma/leukemia; age-related ebv positive b-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; aggressive nk-cell leukaemia; aggressive nk-cell leukemia/lymphoma; aild; aitl; alcl alk+; alcl alk-; alcl cutaneous; alk positive large b-cell lymphoma; alk-dlbcl; alk-negative anaplastic large cell lymphoma; alk-positive anaplastic large cell lymphoma; alk-positive large b-cell lymphoma; alkoma; alpha heavy chain disease; alpha heavy-chain disease; amyloidosis; anaplastic large cell lymphoma alk negative; anaplastic large cell lymphoma alk positive; anaplastic large cell lymphoma alk-negative; anaplastic large cell lymphoma alk-positive unspecified site; anaplastic large cell lymphoma cd30+; anaplastic large cell lymphoma t cell and null cell type; anaplastic large-cell lymphoma alk negative; anaplastic large-cell lymphoma alk positive; anaplastic large-cell lymphoma primary cutaneous type; angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy type t-cell lymphoma; angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with dysproteinemia; angiotropic large cell lymphoma; angiotropic lymphoma; atll; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma bcr-abl1-like; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma bcr::abl1-like; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma not otherwise specified; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma philadelphia-like; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr-abl1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr-abl1-like features; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr::abl1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr::abl1-like features; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with etv6-runx1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with etv6::runx1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with high hyperdiploidy; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hyperdiploidy; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hypodiploidy; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with iamp21; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with intrachromosomal amplification chromosome 21; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with kmt2a rearrangement; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with recurrent genetic abnormalities; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13.2;q22.1); etv6-runx1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13.2;q22.1); etv6::runx1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13;q22); tel-aml1 (etv6-runx1); b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3); e2a-pbx1 (tcf3-pbx1); b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3); tcf3-pbx1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3); tcf3::pbx1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr-abl1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr::abl1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34;q11.2); bcr-abl1; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23); mll rearranged; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23.3); kmt2a rearranged; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23.3); mll rearranged; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with tcf3-pbx1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with tcf3::pbx1 fusion; b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with translocations involving tyrosine kinases or cytokine receptors; b prolymphocytic leukemia; b-cell diffuse large cell lymphoma mediastinum; b-cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; b-cell lymphoma unclassifiable with features intermediate between diffuse large b-cell lymphoma and burkitt lymphoma; b-cell lymphoma unclassifiable with features intermediate between dlbcl and classical hodgkin lymphoma; b-cell non hodgkin's lymphoma; b-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma; b-cell non-hodgkin's lymphoma; b-cell prolymphocytic leukemia; b-cell small lymphocytic lymphoma; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma bcr-abl1 like; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma not otherwise specified; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma philadelphia-like; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr-abl1 fusion; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr-abl1-like features; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr::abl1 fusion; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with bcr::abl1-like features; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with etv6-runx1 fusion; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with etv6::runx1 fusion; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with high hyperdiploidy; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hyperdiploidy; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hypodiploidy; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with iamp21; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with intrachromosomal amplification chromosome 21; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with kmt2a rearrangement; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with recurrent genetic abnormalities; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13.2;q22.1); etv6-runx1; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13;q22); tel-aml1 (etv6-runx1); b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3); e2a-pbx1 (tcf3-pbx1); b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3);tcf3-pbx1; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(5;14)(q31.1;q32.3) il3-igh; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2);bcr-abl1; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34;q11.2); bcr-abl1; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23.3); mll rearranged; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23.3);kmt2a rearranged; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with tcf3-pbx1 fusion; b-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with tcf3::pbx1 fusion; bclu; bia-alcl; bone solitary plasmacytoma; breast implant associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma (bia alcl); breast implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma; breast implant-associated anaplastic large-cell lymphoma; burkitt lymphoma unspecified site; burkitt's lymphoma; burkitt-like lymphoma with 11q aberration; c-alcl; childhood follicular lymphoma; chl; chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma; chronic lymphoproliferative disorder nk cells; chronic lymphoproliferative disorder nk-cells; chronic nk-cell lymphocytosis; chronic nk-large granular lymphocyte lymphoproliferative disorder; chronic nk-lgl lymphoproliferative disorder; classical hodgkin lymphoma ptld; classical mantle cell lymphoma; clpd-nk; crosti's disease; ctcl / sezary syndrome; ctcl/ mycosis fungoides; cutaneous follicle center lymphoma unspecified site; cutaneous follicle centre lymphoma; cutaneous gamma/delta t-cell lymphoma; cutaneous t-cell lymphoma/mycosis fungoides; cutaneous t-cell lymphoma/sezary syndrome; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma associated with chronic inflammation; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma germinal center b-cell type; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma indeterminate; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma unclassifiable; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma with a germinal center b-cell expression profile; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma with expression full-length alk; diffuse large b-cell lymphoma with expression full-length anaplastic lymphoma kinase; diffuse well differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma; dlbcl associated with chronic inflammation; dlbcl germinal center b-cell type; dlbcl unclassifiable; dlbcl-ci; duodenal-type follicular lymphoma; early t acute lymphoblastic leukemia; early t precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia; early t-acute lymphoblastic leukemia; early t-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia; early t-cell precursor lymphoblastic leukemia; early t-precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia; ebv positive diffuse large b-cell lymphoma elderly; ebv positive dlbcl; ebv positive mucocutaneous ulcer; ebv-positive diffuse large b-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified; ebv-positive dlbcl; ebv-positive mucocutaneous ulcer; ebvmcu; enteropathy associated t-cell lymphoma; enteropathy type intestinal t-cell lymphoma; enteropathy-associated t-cell lymphoma; enteropathy-type (intestinal) t-cell lymphoma; enteropathy-type t-cell lymphoma; epstein-barr virus positive diffuse large b-cell lymphoma elderly; epstein-barr virus positive dlbcl; epstein-barr virus-positive diffuse large b-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified; epstein-barr virus-positive mucocutaneous ulcer; etp all; etp-all; extramedullary plasmacytoma; extranodal marginal zone b-cell lymphoma mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt-lymphoma); extranodal marginal zone b-cell lymphoma mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue [malt-lymphoma]; extranodal marginal zone lymphoma mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (malt lymphoma); extranodal nk-/t-cell lymphoma nasal type; extraosseous plasmacytoma; flis; florid follicular hyperplasia ptld; follicular centre cell lymphoma; follicular helper t-cell lymphoma angioimmunoblastic type (angioimmunoblastic t-cell lymphoma); follicular helper t-cell lymphoma angioimmunoblastic-type; follicular lymphoma in situ; follicular lymphoma unspecified unspecified site; follicular non-hodgkin lymphoma; follicular non-hodgkin's lymphoma; follicular t-cell lymphoma; franklin disease; franklin's disease; gamma heavy chain disease; gamma heavy-chain disease; gcb-dlbcl; germinal center b-cell-like diffuse large b-cell lymphoma; hairy cell leukemia variant; hairy cell leukemia-variant; hcl-v; hepatosplenic gamma-delta cell lymphoma; hepatosplenic gamma/delta t-cell lymphoma; hepatosplenic t-cell lymphoma; hgbcl-th; hgbl; hhv8 positive dlbcl; high grade b-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified; high grade b-cell lymphoma with 11q aberrations; high grade b-cell lymphoma with myc bcl2 and bcl6 rearrangements; high-grade b-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified; high-grade b-cell lymphoma with 11q aberrations; high-grade b-cell lymphoma with myc and bcl2 and/or bcl6 rearrangements; high-grade b-cell lymphoma with myc bcl2 and bcl6 rearrangements; hodgkin disease; hodgkin lymphoma lymphocyte predominance nodular; hodgkin lymphoma nodular lp; hodgkin lymphoma nodular lymphocyte predominance; hodgkin lymphoma nodular lymphocyte predominant type; hodgkin lymphoma unspecified unspecified site; hodgkin's disease; htlv-1 associated adult t-cell lymphoma/leukemia; htlv-i associated adult t-cell leukemia/lymphoma; hv lpd; hv-like lpd; hv-like lymphoma; hv-lpd; hydroa vacciniforme like lymphoproliferative disorder; hydroa vacciniforme lymphoproliferative disorder; hydroa vacciniforme-like cutaneous t-cell lymphoma; hydroa vacciniforme-like lymphoma; hydroa vacciniforme-like lymphoproliferative disorder; hyperdiploid b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; hypodiploid b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; iga; igg; igm; immunocytoma lymphoplasmacytic type; immunoproliferative disease; immunoproliferative small intestinal diseases; in situ follicular b-cell neoplasm; in situ follicular lymphoma; in situ follicular neoplasia; in situ mantle cell lymphoma; in situ mantle cell neoplasia; in situ mantle cell neoplasm; indolent clonal t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder gastrointestinal tract; indolent large granular nk-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; indolent nk-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; indolent t-cell lymphoma gastrointestinal tract; indolent t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder gastrointestinal tract; indolent t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder gi tract; infectious mononucleosis ptld; intravascular b-cell lymphoma; intravascular large b-cell lymphoma; ipsid; isfn; ismcn; itlpd-gi; ivlbcl; kahler disease; ki-1 lymphoma; ki-1+ alcl; ki-1+ anaplastic large cell lymphoma; large b-cell lymphoma with 11q aberration; large b-cell lymphoma with irf4 rearrangement; large cell granular lymphogenous leukemia; large cell granular lymphoid leukemia; lbcl with irf4 rearrangement; leukemia large granular lymphocytic malignant; leukemic reticuloendotheliosis; lyg; lymphatic cancer; lymphatic fluid; lymphocyte-depleted classical hodgkin lymphoma; lymphocyte-rich classical hodgkin lymphoma; lymphoid atypical; lymphoid benign; lymphoid neoplasm; lymphoma follicular centre cell; lymphoma follicular malignant; lymphoma lymphocytic malignant; lymphoma lymphoplasmacytic malignant; lymphoma plasmacytic; lymphoma small lymphocytic malignant; lymphomas non-hodgkin's b-cell; lymphomatoid granulomatosis; lymphomatoid papulosis; lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma (waldenstrom macroglobulinemia); lymphoplasmacytoid lymphoma; lyp; malignant angioendotheliomatosis; malignant lymphoma hodgkin; maltoma; mantle cell lymphoma unspecified site; mantle zone lymphoma; marginal zone lymphoma spleen; mature b-cell neoplasms; mature t and nk neoplasms; mature t-cell lymphoma; mcl; mediastinal (thymic) large b-cell lymphoma unspecified site; mediastinal b-cell diffuse large cell lymphoma; mediastinal diffuse large cell lymphoma with sclerosis; mediterranean abdominal lymphoma; mediterranean lymphoma; meitl; mf; mixed cellularity classical hodgkin lymphoma; monoclonal b-cell lymphocytosis; monoclonal gammopathy undetermined significance (mgus); monoclonal immunoglobulin deposition diseases other; monocytoid b-cell lymphoma; monomorphic cd56+ intestinal t-cell lymphoma; monomorphic epitheliotropic intestinal t-cell lymphoma; monomorphic ptld (b- and t-/nk-cell types); mu heavy chain disease; mu heavy-chain disease; mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma; mucosal-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma; multiple myeloma/plasma cell myeloma; myc-negative b-cell lymphoma with 11q aberration resembling burkitt lymphoma; myc-negative high-grade b-cell lymphoma with 11q aberration resembling burkitt lymphoma; mycosis fungoides unspecified site; myeloma plasma cell malignant; myelomatosis; mzbcl; natural killer (nk) cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; natural killer cell leukemia; natural killer-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia; nhl anaplastic large cell lymphoma; nhl burkitt lymphoma (bl); nk cell leukemia; nk large granular lymphocytic leukemia; nk lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; nk-all/lbl; nk-cell large granular lymphocyte lymphocytosis; nk-large granular lymphocytic leukemia; nk-lgl leukemia; nk-lgll; nk-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; nk-type lymphoproliferative disorder granular lymphocytes; nlp-bcl; nlpbl; nlphl; nodal follicular helper t-cell lymphoma; nodal marginal zone b-cell lymph.; nodal peripheral t-cell lymphoma t follicular helper cell origin; nodal peripheral t-cell lymphoma tfh cell origin; nodal t-follicular helper lymphoma angioimmunoblastic-type; nodular lymphocyte predominant b-cell lymphoma/nodular lymphocyte predominant hodgkin lymphoma; nodular lymphocyte predominant hodgkin lymphoma unspecified site; nodular lymphocyte predominant hodgkin's lymphoma; nodular lymphocyte-predominant hodgkin lymphoma; nodular sclerosis classical hodgkin lymphoma; non-hodgkin lymphoma unspecified site; non-hodgkin's b-cell lymphoma; non-hodgkin's lymphoma (nhl); non-hodgkin's lymphoma b-cell; non-hodgkin's t-cell lymphoma; ntfhl-ai; pcaetl; pcfcl; pcgd-tcl; pcnsl; pcsm-lpd; pediatric follicular lymphoma; pediatric-type follicular lymphoma; pel; peripheral gamma-delta t-cell lymphoma; peripheral t-cell lymphoma not classified unspecified site; peripheral t-cell lymphoma not otherwise specified; peripheral t-cell lymphoma unclassifiable; plasma cell myeloma/multiple myeloma; plasmablastic lymphoma; plasmacytic hyperplasia ptld; plasmacytoma extramedullary; pmbl; pmlcl; polymorphic ptld; posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders; precursor b lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; precursor b-lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia; precursor natural killer cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; precursor nk cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; precursor t lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; precursor t lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia; precursor t-lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia; primary anaplastic large cell lymphoma skin; primary central nervous system lymphoma; primary cns lymphoma; primary cutaneous acral cd8 positive t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous acral cd8-positive t-cell lpd; primary cutaneous acral cd8-positive t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous acral cd8-positive t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous aggressive epidermotropic cd8-positive t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous anaplastic large cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd30 positive anaplastic large cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd30 positive t-cell lymphoproliferative disorders; primary cutaneous cd30+ alcl; primary cutaneous cd30+ anaplastic large cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd4 positive small/medium t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous cd4-positive small or medium t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous cd4-positive small/medium t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd4-positive small/medium t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous cd4-positive small/medium-sized pleomorphic t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous cd4-positive small/medium-sized t-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; primary cutaneous cd8 positive aggressive epidermotropic cytotoxic t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd8-positive aggressive epidermotropic cytotoxic t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous cd8-positive aggressive epidermotropic t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous diffuse large b-cell lymphoma leg type; primary cutaneous diffuse large b-cell lymphoma leg-type; primary cutaneous dlbcl leg type; primary cutaneous follicle center lymphoma; primary cutaneous gamma delta t-cell lymphoma; primary cutaneous gamma-delta t-cell lymphoma; primary dlbcl central nervous system; primary effusion lymphoma; primary mediastinal (thymic) large b-cell lymphoma; primary mediastinal clear cell lymphoma b-cell type; primary mediastinal large b-cell lymphoma; prolymphocytic leukemia b-cell type; prolymphocytic leukemia t-cell type; prolymphocytic variant hairy cell leukemia; ptcl-nos; ptfl; recurrent follicular helper t-cell lymphoma; recurrent nodal peripheral t-cell lymphoma with tfh phenotype; reticuloendothelial system lymph; reticulohistiocytoma dorsum; senile ebv-associated b-cell lymphoproliferative disorder; sezary disease unspecified site; sezary's disease; sll; slvl; small b-cell lymphocytic lymphoma; small cell b-cell lymphoma unspecified site; small non-cleaved cell lymphoma burkitt's type; smzl; solitary osseous plasmacytoma; solitary plasmacytoma bone; spb; splenic b-cell lymphoma/leukemia unclassifiable; splenic b-cell lymphoma/leukemia with prominent nucleoli; splenic diffuse red pulp small b-cell lymphoma; splenic lymphoma with circulating villous lymphocytes; splenic marginal zone b-cell lymphoma with villous lymphocytes; splenic marginal zone lymphoma with villous lymphocytes; sptcl; subcutaneous panniculitis-like t-cell lymphoma (alpha/beta type); subcutaneous panniculitis-like t-cell lymphoma alpha/beta type; systemic ebv positive t-cell lymphoma childhood; sézary syndrome; t cell prolymphocytic leukemia; t gamma lymphoproliferative disorder; t large granular lymphocyte leukemia; t prolymphocytic leukemia; t-cell and nk-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma; t-cell and nk-cell non-hodgkin's lymphoma; t-cell large gran. lymph. leuk.; t-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia; t-cell large granular lymphocytic leukemia; t-cell large granular lymphocytosis; t-cell lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; t-cell non-hodgkin lymphoma; t-cell non-hodgkin's lymphoma; t-cell prolymphocytic leukemia; t-cell/histiocyte-rich large b-cell lymphoma; t-gamma lymphoproliferative disease; t-gamma lymphoproliferative disorder; t-large granular lymphocyte leukemia; t-lgl leukemia; t-lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma; t-prolymphocytic leukemia; tfh lymphoma; tgamma large granular lymphocyte leukemia; thymic large b-cell lymphoma; transformed b-cell lymphoma unclassifiable with features intermediate between diffuse large b-cell lymphoma and classic hodgkin lymphoma to diffuse large b-cell lymphoma; triple hit lymphoma; triple-hit lymphoma; type 3 diffuse large b-cell lymphoma; type 3 dlbcl; type ii eatl; unspecified b-cell lymphoma unspecified site; waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia; waldenström macroglobulinemia; well-differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma
descriptions : A B-cell lymphoma characterized by the presence of scattered clonal cells known as lymphocyte predominant cells (LP cells) in a background of reactive lymphocytes and histiocytes, and formation of a nodular or nodular and diffuse growth pattern.; A B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma composed of small lymphocytes which surround and replace the splenic white pulp germinal centers.  It involves the spleen and splenic hilar lymph nodes, bone marrow, and often the peripheral blood.  When lymphoma cells are present in the peripheral blood, they are usually, but not always, characterized by the presence of short polar villi. (WHO); A T-cell peripheral lymphoma composed of usually large, pleomorphic, CD30 positive T-lymphocytes with abundant cytoplasm. It is characterized by the presence of a translocation involving the ALK gene and expression of ALK fusion protein. Most patients present with peripheral and/or abdominal lymphadenopathy, and often have advanced disease and extranodal involvement.; A T-cell peripheral lymphoma morphologically indistinguishable from anaplastic large cell lymphoma, ALK-positive.  It is characterized by the absence of the translocation involving the ALK gene and lacks expression of ALK fusion protein.; A T-cell peripheral neoplasm characterized by a persistent (>6 months) increase in the number of peripheral blood large granular lymphocytes, without a clearly identified cause. (WHO, 2001); A biologic subset of diffuse large B-cell lymphomas (DLBCL) that do not overexpress the genes whose overexpression characterizes the germinal center B-cell-like and activated B-cell-like DLBCL.  Morphologically, these lymphomas are either immunoblastic or centroblastic.  Patients with this type of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma are reported to have a less favorable outcome, similar to those with an activated B-cell-like gene expression profile.; A biologic subset of diffuse large B-cell lymphomas with a unique molecular signature or expression profile.  It represents approximately 50% of diffuse large B-cell lymphomas, and is characterized by the expression of CD10, BCL-6, A-myb, and LMO2 genes, BCL-2 translocation, and c-REL amplification.  Morphologically, the vast majority of these lymphomas are centroblastic and a small minority are immunoblastic (ratio20:1).  Patients with this type of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma have a more favorable outcome, with a 5-year survival rate of 60% and a median survival of 10 years.; A bone marrow-based plasma cell neoplasm characterized by a serum monoclonal protein and skeletal destruction with osteolytic lesions, pathological fractures, bone pain, hypercalcemia, and anemia.  Clinical variants include non-secretory myeloma, smoldering myeloma, indolent myeloma, and plasma cell leukemia. (WHO, 2001); A category of Hodgkin lymphomas that includes the following four histologic subtypes: lymphocyte-rich, nodular sclerosis, mixed cellularity, and lymphocyte-depleted classic Hodgkin lymphoma. The vast majority of Hodgkin lymphomas belong to this category.; A chronic, recurrent cutaneous disorder characterized by the presence of spontaneously regressing papules.  The papules are composed of an atypical lymphocytic infiltrate that contains anaplastic CD30-positive T-cells, which are found in type A and diffuse large cell type (type C) lymphomatoid papulosis.  In a small number of cases, of type B, the lymphocytic infiltrate is composed of small, cerebriform-like lymphocytes that are often negative for CD30.  The majority of cases follow a benign clinical course, but some cases are clonal and may progress to lymphoma.  Treatment options include low dose methotrexate and psoralen/UVA (PUVA).; A clear, transparent, sometimes faintly yellow and slightly opalescent fluid that is collected from the tissues throughout the body, flows in the lymphatic vessels (through the lymph nodes), and is eventually added to the venous blood circulation. Lymph consists of a clear liquid portion, varying numbers of white blood cells (chiefly lymphocytes), and a few red blood cells.; A clonal T-cell lymphoproliferative disorder that can involve the mucosa in all sites of the gastrointestinal tract, but is most common in the small intestine and colon. The lymphoid cells infiltrate the lamina propria but usually do not show invasion of the epithelium. The clinical course is indolent, but most patients do not respond to conventional chemotherapy. A subset of cases progress to a higher-grade T-cell lymphoma with spread beyond the gastrointestinal tract. (WHO 2017); A clonal disorder characterized by the secretion of a mu heavy chain that lacks a variable region. Most patients present with slowly progressive chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). In contrast to most cases of CLL, Mu heavy chain disease is associated with hepatosplenomegaly and absence of lymphadenopathy.; A clonal disorder characterized by the secretion of a truncated gamma chain.  In most cases, it is associated with morphologic changes also seen in lymphoplasmacytic lymphomas, but the clinical course is typically more aggressive than in lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma.; A clonal disorder, also known as immunoproliferative small intestinal disease or Mediterranean lymphoma, characterized by the secretion of a defective alpha heavy chain. It predominantly affects young people in the Mediterranean region. It involves the small intestine, and patients usually present with malabsorption syndrome, abdominal pain, weight loss, and fever. There is extensive villous atrophy of the small intestinal mucosa, which is heavily infiltrated by small lymphocytes and plasma cells. The small intestinal morphologic changes are consistent with a mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma (MALT lymphoma).; A clonal neoplasm of small B-lymphocytes, lymphoplasmacytoid cells, and plasma cells involving the bone marrow, lymph nodes, and the spleen. The majority of patients have a serum IgM paraprotein.; A condition in which an abnormal amount of a single immunoglobulin is present in the serum. This category includes IgM monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and non-IgM monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance. Up to 25% of cases of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance  progress to a B-cell malignancy or myeloma.; A cytotoxic primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Recent studies suggest there are at least two groups of subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell lymphomas, each with distinct histologic features, immunophenotypic profile, and prognosis. One group has an alpha/beta, CD8 positive phenotype, involves only subcutaneous tissues, and usually has an indolent clinical course. The second group has a gamma/delta phenotype, is CD8 negative, often co-expresses CD56, is not confined to the subcutaneous tissues, and usually has a poor prognosis. In the recent WHO-EORTC classification, the term subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell lymphoma is reserved for cases with an alpha/beta, CD8 positive phenotype. Cases with a gamma/delta phenotype are included in the group of cutaneous gamma/delta T-cell lymphomas.; A diffuse large B-cell lymphoma arising in body cavities or narrow spaces of long standing chronic inflammation.  The classic example is the pyothorax-associated lymphoma that arises in the pleural cavity of patients with a history of long standing pyothorax.; A diffuse large B-cell lymphoma originally described in patients older than 50 years, but it has been increasingly recognized in younger patients. Epstein-Barr virus is present in all cases. There is no known history of immunodeficiency or prior lymphoma.; A disorder characterized by the localized or diffuse accumulation of amyloid protein in various anatomic sites. It may be primary, due to clonal plasma cell proliferations; secondary, due to long standing infections, chronic inflammatory disorders, or malignancies; or familial. It may affect the nerves, skin, tongue, joints, heart, liver, spleen, kidneys and adrenal glands.; A follicular neoplasia confined to the germinal centers of the lymph nodes, without evidence of disseminated disease. It is characterized by the replacement of a germinal center by neoplastic centrocytes with uniformly intense positivity for BCL2. The surrounding mantle cuff and lymphoid architecture are intact. It has a low rate of progression to follicular lymphoma, but is often associated with prior or synchronous overt lymphoma.; A generalized peripheral (mature) T-cell neoplasm characterized by the presence of erythroderma, lymphadenopathy, and neoplastic, cerebriform T-lymphocytes in the blood.  Sezary syndrome is an aggressive disease. (WHO, 2001); A group of node-based peripheral T-cell lymphomas with phenotypic features of T follicular helper (TFH) cells. This category includes the following: follicular helper T-cell lymphoma, angioimmunoblastic-type; follicular helper T-cell lymphoma, follicular-type; and follicular helper T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified.; A group of peripheral T-cell lymphomas that do not meet the criteria for any other category of specifically defined entities of peripheral T-cell lymphoma.; A highly aggressive lymphoma composed of monomorphic medium-sized B-cells with basophilic cytoplasm and numerous mitotic figures.  It is often associated with the presence of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and is commonly seen in AIDS patients.  Three morphologic variants are recognized: classical Burkitt lymphoma, Burkitt lymphoma with plasmacytoid differentiation, and atypical Burkitt/Burkitt-like lymphoma.  All cases express the MYC translocation [t(8;14)]. (WHO, 2001); A large B-cell lymphoma that usually affects the Waldeyer ring and/or cervical lymph nodes and less often the gastrointestinal tract. It occurs most commonly in children and young adults and is low stage. It is characterized by a follicular, follicular and diffuse, or pure diffuse growth pattern resembling follicular lymphoma grade 3B or a diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Most cases have IG/IRF4 rearrangements. BCL2 rearrangements are not present. Some cases that belong in this category lack an IRF4 rearrangement but have strong IRF4/MUM1 expression. This lymphoma is more aggressive than pediatric-type follicular lymphomas.; A large B-cell lymphoma usually presenting as a serous effusion without detectable tumor masses. It is universally associated with human herpes virus 8 (HHV8), also called Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus.  It mostly occurs in the setting of immunodeficiency. The most common sites of involvement are the pleural, pericardial, and peritoneal cavities. Rare HHV8-positive lymphomas indistinguishable from primary effusion lymphomas (PEL) present as solid tumor masses, and have been termed extracavitary PEL. The prognosis is extremely unfavorable. (WHO 2017); A large B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma arising in the mediastinum.  Morphologically it is characterized by a massive diffuse lymphocytic proliferation associated with compartmentalizing fibrosis.  Response to intensive chemotherapy, with or without radiotherapy, is usually good. (WHO, 2001); A localized low-grade follicular lymphoma within the gastrointestinal tract, which is distinct from other gastrointestinal tract follicular lymphomas.  It has features that overlap with in situ follicular neoplasia as well as some features resembling an extranodal marginal zone lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue. The prognosis is excellent.; A localized malignant neoplasm arising in an extraosseous site. It is composed of clonal (malignant) plasma cells forming a tumor mass. It most frequently involves the oropharynx, nasopharynx, sinuses, and larynx.; A localized malignant neoplasm that arises in the bone. It is composed of clonal (malignant) plasma cells forming a tumor mass. The most commonly affected bones are the vertebrae, ribs, skull, pelvis, and femur.; A lymphoma characterized by the presence of relatively few malignant cells called Reed-Sternberg cells and mononuclear Hodgkin cells that are admixed with nonneoplastic inflammatory cells. The malignant cells have a distinctive immunophenotype; they are positive for CD30 and CD15 and negative for CD3, CD20, and CD45.; A malignant B-cell lymphoproliferative process affecting the blood, bone marrow, and spleen.  The B-prolymphocytes are medium-sized, round lymphoid cells with prominent nucleoli.  The B-prolymphocytes must exceed 55% of lymphoid cells in the blood.  Cases of transformed chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and CLL with increased prolymphocytes are excluded.  The prognosis is poor.  (WHO, 2001); A mature B-cell neoplasm characterized by the deposition of immunoglobulin in tissues, resulting in impaired organ function. It includes the following entities: primary amyloidosis, heavy chain deposition disease, and light chain deposition disease.; A mature T-cell and NK-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma of intraepithelial T-lymphocytes. It usually arises from the small intestine, most commonly the jejunum or ileum.  Other less frequent primary anatomic sites include the duodenum, stomach, colon, or outside the gastrointestinal tract. It is characterized by the presence of pleomorphic medium-sized to large T-lymphocytes with vesicular nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and moderate to abundant pale cytoplasm. It is associated with celiac disease.; A mature T-cell and NK-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma of intraepithelial T-lymphocytes. It usually arises from the small intestine. A minority of cases arise from the large intestine or the stomach. It is characterized by the presence of a monomorphic cellular infiltrate of small to medium-sized T-lymphocytes that are cytotoxic and express CD56. It is not associated with celiac disease.; A molecularly distinct large B-cell lymphoma reminiscent of Burkitt lymphoma. It is characterized by the absence of MYC translocation and the presence of chromosome 11q aberrations.; A monoclonal expansion of B-lymphocytes with or without the characteristic immunophenotype of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It precedes virtually all cases of chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma.; A neoplasm of follicle centre B cells which has at least a partial follicular pattern.  Follicular lymphomas comprise about 35% of adult non-Hodgkin lymphomas in the U.S. and 22% worldwide.  Most patients have widespread disease at diagnosis.  Morphologically, follicular lymphomas are classified as Grade 1, Grade 2, and Grade 3, depending on the percentage of the large lymphocytes present.  The vast majority of cases (70-95%) express the BCL-2 rearrangement [t(14;18)].  Histological grade correlates with prognosis.  Grades 1 and 2 follicular lymphomas are indolent and grade 3 is more aggressive (adapted from WHO, 2001).; A neoplasm of lymphoblasts committed to the B-cell lineage, typically composed of small to medium-sized blast cells.  When the neoplasm involves predominantly the bone marrow and the peripheral blood, it is called B acute lymphoblastic leukemia.  When it involves nodal or extranodal sites, it is called B lymphoblastic lymphoma. (WHO, 2001); A neoplasm of lymphoblasts committed to the T-cell lineage, typically composed of small to medium-sized blast cells.  When the neoplasm involves predominantly the bone marrow and the peripheral blood, it is called T acute lymphoblastic leukemia.  When it involves nodal or extranodal sites it is called T lymphoblastic lymphoma. (WHO, 2001); A neoplasm of small B-lymphocytes with "hairy" projections in bone marrow, spleen, and peripheral blood.  Most patients present with splenomegaly and pancytopenia. (WHO, 2001); A neoplastic lymphoid process characterized by the presence of cyclin D1 positive lymphoid cells, typically in the inner mantle zones of lymphoid tissue follicles, in cases that do not suggest the diagnosis of a mantle cell lymphoma. It is often found incidentally and has a low rate of progression.; A nodal follicular lymphoma with favorable prognosis. It lacks BCL-2 rearrangement and 14;18 translocation. Nearly all cases are localized. It is usually seen in the pediatric population but similar lymphomas may occur in adults.; A non-Hodgkin lymphoma composed of monomorphic small, round B-lymphocytes in the lymph nodes.  When the lymphoid process predominantly involves the bone marrow and the peripheral blood it is called chronic lymphocytic leukemia. (WHO, 2001); A non-Hodgkin lymphoma composed of small to medium sized B-lymphocytes (centrocytes). Most patients present with advanced stage disease with lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, and bone marrow involvement. The gastrointestinal tract is the most commonly affected extranodal site by this type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The vast majority of cases express the t(11;14)(q13;q32) resulting in the rearrangement of the BCL-1 gene and the overexpression of cyclin D1 mRNA.; A non-Hodgkin lymphoma of T-cell lineage. It includes the T lymphoblastic lymphoma and the mature T- and NK-cell lymphomas.; A non-Hodgkin or Hodgkin lymphoma that arises from the brain or spinal cord as a primary lesion. There is no evidence of lymphoma outside the central nervous system at the time of diagnosis.; A peripheral (mature) T-cell lymphoma presenting in the skin with patches/plaques. It is characterized by epidermal and dermal infiltration of small to medium-sized T-cells with cerebriform nuclei.  Patients with limited disease generally have an excellent prognosis.  In the more advanced stages, the prognosis is poor. (WHO, 2001); A peripheral (mature) T-cell lymphoma, consisting of usually large anaplastic, CD30 positive cells. The majority of cases are positive for the anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALK) protein. The most frequently seen genetic alteration is a t(2;5) translocation. Majority of patients present with advanced disease. The most important prognostic indicator is ALK positivity, which has been associated with a favorable prognosis. (WHO, 2001); A peripheral (mature) T-cell neoplasm linked to the human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1).  Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma is endemic in several regions of the world, in particular Japan, the Caribbean, and parts of Central Africa.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm composed of B lymphoblasts which contain less than 46 chromosomes. It has an unfavorable clinical outcome.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm composed of B lymphoblasts which contain more than 50 and usually less than 66 chromosomes. It has a favorable clinical outcome.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm that expresses CD56 and immature T-cell markers, lacks B-lymphoid and myeloid markers, and has immunoglobulin and T-cell receptor genes in the germline configuration.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm which is composed of B lymphoblasts and carries a translocation between the BCR gene on chromosome 22 and the ABL1 gene on chromosome 9. It results in the production of the p190 kd or p210 kd fusion protein. It has an unfavorable clinical outcome.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm which is composed of B lymphoblasts and carries a translocation between the E2A gene on chromosome 19 and the PBX1 gene on chromosome 1.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm which is composed of B lymphoblasts and carries a translocation between the KMT2A gene at 11q23.3 and another gene partner resulting in the production of an KMT2A related fusion protein.; A precursor lymphoid neoplasm which is composed of B lymphoblasts and carries a translocation between the TEL gene on chromosome 12 and the AML1 gene on chromosome 21, (p13.2;q22.1). It results in the production of the TEL-AML1 (ETV6-RUNX1) fusion protein. It has a favorable clinical outcome.; A primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoproliferative disorder composed of small to medium-sized CD4-positive, CD8-negative, and CD30-negative pleomorphic T-lymphocytes in the dermis. A small number of large pleomorphic T-lymphocytes, focal epidermotropism, and subcutaneous involvement may be seen. It usually presents with a solitary plaque or tumor on the face, neck, or upper trunk. The clinical behavior is almost always indolent, and most patients present with localized disease.; A primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoproliferative disorder that presents as an acral (peripheral) lesion. It is composed of CD8-positive neoplastic T-lymphocytes. It is usually localized to a single site and has an indolent clinical course. Local or more extensive recurrences have been described in a minority of patients.; A primary lymphoma of the skin composed of various numbers of small and large irregular neoplastic follicle center cells.  Its morphologic pattern can be nodular, diffuse, or nodular and diffuse.  It presents with solitary or grouped plaques and tumors, and it usually involves the scalp, forehead, or trunk.  It rarely involves the legs.  This type of cutaneous lymphoma tends to remain localized to the skin.; A primary nodal B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma which morphologically resembles lymph nodes involved by marginal zone lymphomas of extranodal or splenic types, but without evidence of extranodal or splenic disease.  (WHO, 2001); A rare Epstein-Barr virus-positive B-cell lymphoproliferative disorder that affects mucosal sites (including oral mucosa, palate, tonsils, and gastrointestinal tract) and skin. It presents with well-circumscribed, often painful ulcers. It is associated with immune suppression, including age-related and drug-induced immunosuppression. In the majority of cases the lesions regress either spontaneously or following withdrawal of the immunosuppression therapy.; A rare anaplastic large cell lymphoma that develops in individuals with breast implants. It usually presents as an accumulation of seroma fluid between the implant and the surrounding fibrous capsule. The median interval from the time of the implant to the development of lymphoma is approximately 10 years.; A rare extranodal B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, characterized by the presence of lymphoma cells exclusively in the lumina of small vessels, particularly capillaries.  This is an extremely aggressive lymphoma which responds poorly to chemotherapy.  (WHO, 2001); A rare, EBV-positive cutaneous T-cell lymphoproliferative disorder, composed of CD8 positive cytotoxic T-lymphocytes.  It affects children, almost exclusively in Latin America and Asia. Patients present with papulovesicular skin lesions, clinically resembling hydroa vacciniforme, in areas of sun-exposed skin.; A rare, highly aggressive, Epstein-Barr virus-associated leukemia, also known as aggressive NK-cell leukemia/lymphoma; it may represent the leukemic counterpart of nasal type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphomas. It affects primarily teenagers and young adults. It is characterized by the systemic proliferation of NK cells in the peripheral blood, bone marrow, liver, and spleen.; A small B-cell clonal lymphoproliferative disorder of the spleen that does not fall into any of the other categories of mature B-cell neoplasms.; A usually aggressive large B-cell lymphoma characterized by the presence of monomorphic immunoblast-like neoplastic B-lymphocytes in a sinusoidal growth pattern.  The neoplastic B-lymphocytes express the ALK kinase but they lack the 2;5 translocation.; A usually indolent mature B-cell lymphoma, arising from the marginal zone of lymphoid tissues.  It is characterized by the presence of small to medium sized atypical lymphocytes.  It comprises three entities, according to the anatomic sites involved: extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue, which affects extranodal sites (most often stomach, lung, skin, and ocular adnexa); nodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma, which affects lymph nodes without evidence of extranodal disease; and splenic marginal zone B-cell lymphoma, which affects the spleen and splenic hilar lymph nodes, bone marrow, and often the peripheral blood.; An Epstein-Barr virus negative disorder with a chronic clinical course affecting predominantly adults and characterized by the proliferation of large granular lymphocytes with natural killer cell immunophenotype.  The T-cell receptor genes are not rearranged.; An aggressive T-cell leukemia, characterized by the proliferation of small to medium sized prolymphocytes with a mature T-cell phenotype, involving the blood, bone marrow, lymph nodes, liver, spleen, and skin.  (WHO, 2001); An aggressive cutaneous lymphoma of mature, activated gamma/delta T-lymphocytes.  It usually presents with disseminated plaques and nodules.  Involvement of mucosal sites is frequent.  However, involvement of lymph nodes, spleen, or bone marrow is uncommon.  Morphologically, there are three patterns of cutaneous involvement: epidermotropic, dermal, and subcutaneous.  Often, more than one pattern may co-exist in a single biopsy specimen, or may be present in different biopsy specimens from the same patient.  The lymphocytic infiltrate is composed of medium- to large-sized lymphocytes expressing CD56.  Most cases lack both CD4 and CD8, although CD8 may be present in some cases.  This group of lymphomas includes cases previously known as subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell lymphoma with a gamma/delta phenotype.; An aggressive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma frequently arising in the setting of HIV infection and characterized by the presence of large neoplastic cells resembling B-immunoblasts which have the immunophenotypic profile of plasma cells.  Sites of involvement include the oral cavity, sinonasal cavity, skin, soft tissues, gastrointestinal tract, and bone.; An aggressive follicular helper T-cell lymphoma affecting lymph nodes and other sites. It is characterized by a polymorphous infiltrate and prominent proliferation of high endothelial venules and follicular dendritic cells. It is associated with EBV infection and affects mainly older adults.; An aggressive primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma, usually involving the lower leg.  It is composed of a generally monotonous proliferation of immunoblasts, or less frequently centroblasts, with few admixed reactive cells.  This type of lymphoma occurs most often in elderly women who present with rapidly growing tumors, usually on one or both legs.  Dissemination to extracutaneous sites is frequent.  Treatment with combination chemotherapy is usually required.; An aggressive, epidermotropic primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoma composed of small to medium-sized, or medium-sized to large, CD8-positive T-lymphocytes with pleomorphic or blastic nuclei. Epidermotropism is often pronounced, and angiocentricity and angioinvasion may be present. It manifests with localized or disseminated eruptive papules and nodules or tumors.; An anaplastic large cell lymphoma limited to the skin at the time of diagnosis.  Most patients present with solitary or localized skin lesions, which may be tumors, nodules or papules.  The t(2;5) translocation that is present in many cases of systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma, is not found in this disease. (WHO, 2001); An angiocentric and angiodestructive lymphoproliferative disease involving extranodal sites, comprised of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-positive B-cells admixed with reactive T-cells.  Incidence is higher among adult males; patients with a history of immunodeficiency are at increased risk.  The most common site of involvement is the lung; other common sites include brain, kidney, liver, and skin.  Morphologically, three grades are recognized: grade I, II, and III.  Grade III lymphomatoid granulomatosis should be approached clinically as a subtype of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.; An extranodal, mature T-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that originates from cytotoxic T-cells, usually of gamma/delta T-cell type.  It is characterized by the presence of medium-size neoplastic lymphocytes infiltrating the hepatic sinusoids.  A similar infiltrating pattern is also present in the spleen and bone marrow that are usually involved at the time of the diagnosis.; An indolent chronic B-cell leukemia resembling classic hairy cell leukemia but shows variant cytologic, hematologic, and immunophenotypic features and is resistant to the conventional therapy applied to hairy cell leukemia.  Biologically, it is not related to hairy cell leukemia.; An indolent, extranodal type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma composed of small B-lymphocytes (centrocyte-like cells).  The gastrointestinal tract is the most common site of involvement.  Other common sites of involvement include lung, head and neck, ocular adnexae, skin, thyroid, and breast.  Gastric involvement is associated with the presence of H. pylori infection. (WHO, 2001); An uncommon, indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma composed of small B-lymphocytes involving the red pulp of the spleen, bone marrow, and peripheral blood.  Patients often have massive splenomegaly.  The peripheral blood examination reveals villous lymphocytes.; B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma characterized by a gene-expression profile similar to that of BCR-ABL1-positive B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma, absence of the pathognomonic BCR-ABL1 rearrangement, alterations of lymphoid transcription factor genes, and a poor outcome.; B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma characterized by amplification of a portion of chromosome 21. It usually occurs in children and is associated with an adverse prognosis.; B lymphoblastic leukemias/lymphomas characterized by the absence of recurrent genetic abnormalities.; B lymphoblastic leukemias/lymphomas characterized by the presence of recurring cytogenetic and/or molecular abnormalities.; Distinct from Hodgkin lymphoma both morphologically and biologically, non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) is characterized by the absence of Reed-Sternberg cells, can occur at any age, and usually presents as a localized or generalized lymphadenopathy associated with fever and weight loss. The clinical course varies according to the morphologic type. NHL is clinically classified as indolent, aggressive, or having a variable clinical course. NHL can be of B-or T-/NK-cell lineage.; High-grade B-cell lymphoma characterized by the abnormal rearrangement of MYC gene, BCL2 gene, and BCL6 gene. Patients with this type of lymphoma usually respond poorly to standard treatments and have a poor prognosis.; High-grade B-cell lymphoma with blastoid features or features between diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and Burkitt lymphoma that lacks MYC, BCL2, and BCL6 gene rearrangements.; Histologic transformation of a B-cell lymphoma, unclassifiable, with features intermediate between diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and classic Hodgkin lymphoma to an aggressive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.; Lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma associated with bone marrow involvement and IgM monoclonal gammopathy.; T acute lymphoblastic leukemia in which the blasts have unique immunophenotypic and genetic characteristics suggesting only limited early T-cell differentiation.; The most common type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.  It includes the most frequently seen morphologic variants which are: diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, small lymphocytic lymphoma and marginal zone B-cell lymphoma.; The reemergence of follicular helper T-cell lymphoma after a period of remission.

oncotree_code : MYELOID
tissue_name : Myeloid
key_phrases : 5q minus syndrome; 5q- syndrome; 8p11 myeloproliferative syndrome; 8p11 stem cell leukemia/lymphoma syndrome; 8p11 stem cell lymphoma/leukemia syndrome; 8p11 stem cell syndrome; acml; acute (malignant) myelofibrosis; acute (malignant) myelosclerosis; acute basophilic leukaemia; acute basophilic leukemia; acute erythremic myelosis; acute leukemia ambiguous lineage (alal); acute leukemia ambiguous lineage (mixed or biphenotypic); acute leukemia indeterminate lineage; acute leukemias ambiguous lineage; acute m1 myeloid leukemia; acute m2 myeloid leukemia; acute m4 myeloid leukemia; acute m7 myeloid leukemia; acute megakaryoblastic leukaemia; acute megakaryoblastic leukemia (fab type m7); acute megakaryocytic leukemia; acute monoblastic/monocytic leukemia; acute monocytic leukemia (fab m5b); acute myeloblastic leukemia minimally differentiated; acute myeloblastic leukemia with minimal differentiation; acute myelofibrosis; acute myelogenous leukemias; acute myeloid leukaemias and myelodysplastic syndromesrapy-related; acute myeloid leukemia (aml); acute myeloid leukemia (aml-m2); acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.1); rbm15- mrtfa; acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.1); rbm15-mkl1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.1); rbm15::mlk1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.1); rbm15::mrtfa; acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13;q13); rbm15-mkl1; acute myeloid leukemia cbf-beta/myh11; acute myeloid leukemia cbfb-myh11; acute myeloid leukemia m6b; acute myeloid leukemia minimal differentiation; acute myeloid leukemia minimally differentiated; acute myeloid leukemia myelodysplasia-related; acute myeloid leukemia nos; acute myeloid leukemia not otherwise categorized; acute myeloid leukemia not otherwise specified; acute myeloid leukemia occurring in children with down syndrome; acute myeloid leukemia post cytotoxicrapy; acute myeloid leukemia t(8;21)(q22;q22); acute myeloid leukemia with a variant rara rearrangement; acute myeloid leukemia with a variant rara translocation; acute myeloid leukemia with abnormal marrow eosinophils; acute myeloid leukemia with balanced translocations/inversions; acute myeloid leukemia with bcr-abl1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with bcr::abl1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with biallelic cebpa mutation; acute myeloid leukemia with biallelic mutations cebpa; acute myeloid leukemia with cytoplasmic nucleophosmin; acute myeloid leukemia with defining genetic abnormalities; acute myeloid leukemia with gata1 mutations; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(16)(p13.1q22) or t(16;16)(p13.1;q22); cbfb-myh11 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(16)(p13.1q22) or t(16;16)(p13.1;q22); cbfb::myh11 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3) (q21.3;q26.2) or t(3;3) (q21.3;q26.2); gata2 mecom; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3)(q21.3;q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21.3;q26.2); gata2 evi1; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3)(q21.3;q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21.3;q26.2); gata2 mecom(evi1); acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3)(q21.3;q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21.3;q26.2); gata2::mecom; acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3)(q21q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21;q26.2); rpn1-evi1; acute myeloid leukemia with mecom rearrangements; acute myeloid leukemia with minimal differentiation (mo); acute myeloid leukemia with mutated npm1; acute myeloid leukemia with mutated runx1; acute myeloid leukemia with myelodysplasia-related changes; acute myeloid leukemia with non-germline mutated runx1; acute myeloid leukemia with npm1 mutation; acute myeloid leukemia with recurrent genetic abnormalities; acute myeloid leukemia with runx1 gene mutation; acute myeloid leukemia with runx1 mutation; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9) (p22.3;q34.1); dek-nup214 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9) (p22.3;q34.1); dek::nup214 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9)(p22.3;q34); dek-nup214; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9)(p22.3;q34.1); dek-nup214; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9)(p22.3;q34.1); dek::nup214; acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9)(p23;q34); dek-nup214; acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22; q22.1); runx1-runx1t1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22; q22.1); runx1::runx1t1 fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22;q22)(aml1(cbfa)/eto); acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22;q22); runx1-runx1t1; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); mllt3 (af9)-kmt2a; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); mllt3-kmt2a fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); mllt3-mll; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); mllt3::kmt2a fusion; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); mllt3::mll; acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p22;q23); mllt3-mll; acute myeloid leukemia without maturation (fab m1); acute myelomonocytic leukemia (fab type m4); acute myelosclerosis; acute nonlymphocytic leukemia; acute panmyelosis with myelofibrosis; acute promyelocytic leukemia with a variant rara rearrangement; acute promyelocytic leukemia with other rara rearrangements; acute undifferentiated leukemia; advanced systemic mastocytosis; aggressive systemic mastocytosis; agnogenic myeloid metaplasia; agranular cd4+ cd56+ hematodermic neoplasm/tumor; agranular cd4+ natural killer cell leukemia; amkl; aml (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22) (p13;q13); rbm15-mkl1; aml (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.3); rbm15-mkl1; aml (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.3);rbm15-mkl1; aml (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13;q13); rbm15-mkl1; aml acute myeloid leukemia; aml not otherwise specified; aml occurring in children with down syndrome; aml with biallelic mutations cebpa; aml with inv(16)(p13.1q22) or t(16;16)(p13.1;q22); cbfb-myh11; aml with inv(16)(p13.1q22) or t(16;16)(p13.1;q22);cbfb-myh11; aml with inv(16)(p13q22) or t(16;16) (p13.1;q22) (cbfb/myh11); aml with inv(3)(q21.3q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21.3;q26.2); gata2 mecom; aml with inv(3)(q21q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21;q26.2); rpn1-evi1; aml with maturation; aml with mecom rearrangements; aml with minimal differentiation; aml with mutated npm1; aml with myelodysplasia-related changes; aml with recurrent genetic abnormalities; aml with t(6;9)(p23;q34); dek-nup214; aml with t(6;9)(p23;q34);dek-nup214; aml with t(6;9)(p23;q34.1);dek-nup214; aml with t(8;21)(q22;q22) runx1 runx1t1; aml with t(8;21)(q22;q22); runx1-runx1t1; aml with t(8;21)(q22;q22.1); runx1-runx1t1; aml with t(8;21)(q22;q22.1);runx1-runx1t1; aml with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3); kmt2a-mllt3; aml with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3);mllt3-kmt2a; aml with t(9;11)(p22;q33);mllt3-mll; aml with variant rara translocation; aml without maturation; aml-mrc; aml-rga; amml; anll; apl with pml-rara; apmf; atypical chronic myeloid leukemia bcr-abl1 negative; atypical chronic myeloid leukemia bcr-abl1-; atypical chronic myeloid leukemia bcr::abl1 negative; atypical cml; bcr-abl positive chronic myelogenous leukemia; blastic natural killer leukemia/lymphoma; blastic nk cell lymphoma; blastic nk-cell lymphoma; blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm; blood cancer; bpdcn; cd4+/cd56+ hematodermic neoplasm; cel/hypereosinophilic syndrome; childhood acute promyelocytic leukemia with pml-rara; childhood acute promyelocytic leukemia with t(15;17)(q22;q12); pml-rara; childhood acute promyelocytic leukemia with t(15;17)(q24.1;q21.2); pml-rara fusion; childhood acute promyelocytic leukemia with t(15;17)(q24.1;q21.2); pml::rara fusion; childhood apl with t(15;17)(q24.1;q21.2); pml-rara; childhood apml with t(15;17)(q24.1;q21.2); pml-rara; chloroma; chronic eosinophilic leukemia not otherwise specified; chronic eosinophilic leukemia/hypereosinophilic syndrome; chronic erythremia; chronic granulocytic leukemia; chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis fibrotic stage; chronic monocytic leukemia; chronic myelogenous leukemia (cml); chronic myelogenous leukemia bcr-abl positive; chronic myelogenous leukemia bcr-abl1 positive; chronic myelogenous leukemia bcr::abl1 positive; chronic myelogenous leukemias; chronic myeloid leukemia bcr-abl1 positive; chronic myeloid leukemia bcr-abl1+; chronic myeloid leukemia bcr::abl1 positive; chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (cmml); chronic myelomonocytic leukemia-0; chronic myelomonocytic leukemia-1; chronic myelomonocytic leukemia-2; chronic myeloproliferative disease unclassifiable; chronic myeloproliferative disorder unclassifiable; chronic myeloproliferative disorders; chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm; chronic neutrophilic leukemia; cml chronic myelogenous leukemia; cmml-0; cmml-1; cmml-2; cmpd u; cmpd-u; cutaneous (skin) mastocytosis; cutaneous mastocytosis; destombes-rosai-dorfman disease; di guglielmo disease; di guglielmo's disease; disseminated juvenile xanthogranuloma; dysmyelopoietic syndrome; early/prefibrotic primary myelofibrosis; early/prefibrotic stage pmf; early/prefibrotic stage primary myelofibrosis; ecd; erdheim-chester disease; essential (hemorrhagic) thrombocythemia; essential thrombocytemia; essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis; essential thrombocythemia with ring sideroblasts; essential thrombocytosis; extramedullary myeloid sarcoma; extramedullary myeloid tumor; fab m0; fab m2; fab m7; fdcs; fibroblastic reticular cell tumor; follicular dendritic cell sarcoma/tumor; follicular dendritic cell tumor; hematologic neoplasm associated with down syndrome; hematopoeitic acute myleogenous leukemia (aml); hematopoeitic chronic myelocytic leukemia (cml); high-grade treatment-related myeloid neoplasm; histiocytic and dendritic cell neoplasms; histiocytic infiltrate; histiocytic sarcoma; histiocytic syndrome; histiocytosis x; idiopathic bone marrow fibrosis; idiopathic thrombocythemia; indeterminate dendritic cell tumor; indolent systemic mastocytosis; interdigitating cell sarcoma/tumor; interdigitating dendritic cell sarcoma/tumor; ism; jcml; jmml; juvenile chronic myelogenous leukemia; juvenile chronic myeloid leukemia; juvenile chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia; langerhans cell granulomatosis; langerhans cell histiocytosis; langerhans cell sarcoma; lch; leukemia basophilic; leukemia granulocytic malignant; leukemia mast cell malignant; leukemia megakaryocytic malignant; leukemia monocytic malignant; leukemia myeloid; leukemia stem cell; lipogranulomatosis; m/ln-eo with fgfr1 rearrangement; m/ln-eo with pdgfra rearrangement; m/ln-eo with pdgfrb rearrangement; m/ln-eo with t(8;9)(p22;p24.1)/pcm1/jak2; m/ln-eo with t(8;9)(p22;p24.1)/pcm1::jak2; m/ln-eo with tyrosine kinase gene fusions; m0 acute myeloblastic leukemia; m0 acute myelogenous leukemia with minimal differentiation; m0 myeloid leukemia with minimal differentiation; m1 acute myeloblastic leukemia without maturation; m1 acute myelogenous leukemia without maturation; m1 acute myeloid leukemia without maturation; m2 acute granulocytic leukemia; m2 acute myeloblastic leukemia with maturation; m2 acute myelocytic leukemia with maturation; m2 acute myelogenous leukemia with maturation; m2 acute myeloid leukemia with maturation; m4 or acute myelomonocytic leukemia; m7 or acute megakaryoblastic leukemia; mast cell leukaemia; mast cell leukemia; mast cell sarcoma; mcs; mdn; mds  with multilineage dysplasia; mds post cytotoxicrapy; mds unclassifiable; mds with excess blasts-1; mds with excess blasts-2; mds with increased blasts-2; mds with isolated del(5q); mds with low blasts and single lineage dysplasia; mds with multilineage dysplasia; mds with ring sideroblasts and multilineage dysplasia; mds with ring sideroblasts and single lineage dysplasia; mds with single lineage dysplasia; mds-del(5q); mds-eb-1; mds-eb-2; mds-eb2; mds-ib-1; mds-ib-2; mds-ib1; mds-ib2; mds-lb-mld; mds-lb-sld; mds-mld; mds-mpd; mds-pct; mds-rs-mld; mds-rs-sld; mds-sld; mds-u; mds/aml; mds/mpd; mds/mpn unclassifiable; mds/mpn with ring sideroblasts and thrombocytosis; mds/mpn-n; mds/mpn-rs-t; mds/mpn-u; mixed phenotype acute leukemia b/myeloid not otherwise specified; mixed phenotype acute leukemia t/myeloid not otherwise specified; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with bcr-abl1 fusion; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with bcr::abl1 fusion; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with kmt2a rearrangement; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr-abl1; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr::abl1; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(9;22)(q34;q11.2); bcr-abl1; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(v;11q23); mll rearranged; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(v;11q23.3); kmt2a rearranged; mixed phenotype acute leukemia with t(v;11q23.3); mll rearranged; mixed-phenotype acute leukemia with bcr-abl1 fusion; mixed-phenotype acute leukemia with bcr::abl1 fusion; mixed-phenotype acute leukemia with kmt2a rearrangement; mlds; monomorphic nk-cell lymphoma; mpal b/myeloid; mpal t/myeloid; mpal with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr-abl1; mpal with t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2); bcr::abl1; mpal with t(v;11q23.3); kmt2a rearranged; mpd-mds; mpd/mds; mpn-nos; myelodysplastic neoplasm with increased blasts; myelodysplastic neoplasm with low blasts and 5q deletion; myelodysplastic neoplasm with low blasts and multilineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome associated with isolated del (5q) chromosome abnormality; myelodysplastic syndrome not otherwise specified with multilineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome not otherwise specified with single lineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome post cytotoxicrapy; myelodysplastic syndrome unclassifiable; myelodysplastic syndrome with 5q deletion (5q-) syndrome; myelodysplastic syndrome with del(5q); myelodysplastic syndrome with excess blasts-1; myelodysplastic syndrome with excess blasts-2; myelodysplastic syndrome with increased blasts; myelodysplastic syndrome with isolated del (5q) chromosomal abnormality; myelodysplastic syndrome with isolated del(5q); myelodysplastic syndrome with low blasts and multilineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome with low blasts and single lineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome with multilineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome with ring sideroblasts and multilineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome with ring sideroblasts and single lineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome with single lineage dysplasia; myelodysplastic syndrome/acute myeloid leukemia; myelodysplastic syndrome/neoplasm; myelodysplastic workup; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative disorders; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm not otherwise specified; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm unclassifiable; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm with neutrophilia; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm with ring sideroblasts and thrombocytosis not otherwise specified; myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasms; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and abnormalities pdgfra pdgfrb or fgfr1; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and rearrangement pdgfra pdgfrb or fgfr1 or with pcm1-jak2; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with fgfr1 abnormalities; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with fgfr1 rearrangement; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with pdgfra rearrangement; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with pdgfrb rearrangement; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with t(8;9)(p22;p24.1);pcm1-jak2; myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms with t(8;9)(p22;p24.1);pcm1::jak2; myeloid atypical; myeloid benign; myeloid leukemia associated with down syndrome; myeloid leukemia with t(6;9) (p23;q34.1); dek-nup214; myeloid neoplasm post cytotoxicrapy; myeloid neoplasms with germ line predisposition; myeloid neoplasms with pdgfrb rearrangement; myeloid proliferation associated with down syndrome; myeloid proliferations associated with down syndrome; myeloid proliferations related to down syndrome; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with fgfr1 rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with jak2 rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with jak2-pcm1 fusion; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with pcm1- jak2 fusion; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with pdgfra rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasm with pdgfrb rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and defining gene rearrangements; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and rearrangement pdgfra pdgfrb or fgfr1 or with pcm1-jak2; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and rearrangement pdgfra/pdgfrb or fgfr1 or with pcm1-jak2; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and tyrosine kinase gene fusions; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with fgfr1 rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with jak2 rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with pcm1-jak2; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with pcm1::jak2; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with pdgfra rearrangement; myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with pdgfrb rearrangement; myeloid_sarcoma; myeloproliferative neoplasms unclassifiable; myeloproliferative tumor; myeloproliferative workup; myeloproliferative/myelodysplastic disorders; myeloproliferative/myelodysplastic syndromes; myelosclerosis with myeloid metaplasia; neoplastic vs reactive; non-lymphoblastic leukemia; non-lymphocytic leukemia; npmc+ aml; oligoblastic leukemia; overt primary myelofibrosis; pel; peripheral blood; polycythaemia vera myelofibrosis; polycythemia rubra vera; polycythemia vera; polycythemmia vera; polyostotic sclerosing histiocytosis; portion blood; pre-pmf; prefibrotic/early primary myelofibrosis; preleukemia; primary myelofibrosis fibrotic stage; primary myelofibrosis overt fibrotic stage; primary myelofibrosis prefibrotic stage; primary myelofibrosis prefibrotic/early stage; primary myelofibrosisovert fibrotic stage; primary thrombocythemia; primary thrombocytosis; provisional entity: aml with bcr-abl1; provisional entity: aml with mutated runx1; pure erythroid leukemia; raeb ii; raeb-1; raeb-2; raeb-ii; rars-t; rcc; rcmd-rs; rcud; rdd; refractory anemia with an excess blasts; refractory anemia with excess blasts 1; refractory anemia with excess blasts 2; refractory anemia with excess blasts unspecified; refractory anemia with ring sideroblasts associated with marked thrombocytosis; refractory cytopenia childhood; refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia and ring sideroblasts; refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia and ringed sideroblasts; refractory cytopenia with unilineage dysplasia; reticuloendothelial system blood; rosai-dorfman-destombes disease; sarcoma myeloid malignant; shml; sinus histiocytosis with massive lymphadenopathy; smoldering leukemia; smoldering systemic mastocytosis; soft tissue sarcoma; stem cell acute leukemia; subacute granulocytic leukemia; subacute myelogenous leukemia; subacute myeloid leukemia; systemic mastocytosis with an associated hematological neoplasm; systemic tissue mast cell disease; t-aml; t-mds; therapy related myelodysplastic syndrome; therapy related myeloid neoplasm; therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome; therapy-related aml and mds; therapy-related mds; therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome; therapy-related myeloid neoplasms; transient abnormal myelopoiesis; treatment related acute myelogenous leukemia; treatment related acute myeloid leukemia; treatment related aml; treatment-related acute myelogenous leukemia; treatment-related acute myeloid leukemia; treatment-related aml; unclassifiable chronic myeloproliferative disease; unclassifiable chronic myeloproliferative disorder; unclassifiable mds; unclassifiable myelodysplastic syndrome; undifferentiated acute leukemia; vertebrate blood; whole blood
descriptions : A category of clonal hematopoietic disorders that have both myelodysplastic and myeloproliferative features at the time of initial presentation.; A chronic myelomonocytic leukemia characterized by the presence of 10-19 percent blasts in the bone marrow and 5-19 percent blasts in the peripheral blood or by the presence of Auer rods regardless of the blasts count.; A chronic myelomonocytic leukemia characterized by the presence of less than 10 percent blasts in the bone marrow and less than 5 percent blasts in the peripheral blood.; A chronic myelomonocytic leukemia characterized by the presence of less than 5 percent blasts in the bone marrow and less than 2 percent blasts in the peripheral blood.; A chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by an increased red blood cell production. The bone marrow is hypercellular due to a panmyelotic proliferation typically characterized by pleomorphic megakaryocytes. The major symptoms are related to hypertension, splenomegaly or to episodes of thrombosis and/or hemorrhage.; A chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by bone marrow fibrosis, proliferation of atypical megakaryocytes and granulocytes in the bone marrow, anemia, splenomegaly, and extramedullary hematopoiesis. (WHO, 2001); A chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by the expression of the BCR-ABL1 fusion gene. It presents with neutrophilic leukocytosis. It can appear at any age, but it mostly affects middle aged and older individuals. Patients usually present with fatigue, weight loss, anemia, night sweats, and splenomegaly. If untreated, it follows a biphasic or triphasic natural course; an initial indolent chronic phase which is followed by an accelerated phase, a blast phase, or both. Allogeneic stem cell transplantation and tyrosine kinase inhibitors delay disease progression and prolong overall survival.; A chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm that involves primarily the megakaryocytic lineage. It is characterized by sustained thrombocytosis in the blood, increased numbers of large, mature megakaryocytes in the bone marrow, and episodes of thrombosis and/or hemorrhage. (WHO, 2008); A clinically aggressive neoplasm derived from the precursors of plasmacytoid dendritic cells (also called professional type I interferon-producing cells or plasmacytoid monocytes), with a high frequency of cutaneous and bone marrow involvement and leukemic dissemination. (WHO 2017); A clonal expansion of myeloid blasts in the bone marrow, blood or other tissues. The classification of acute myeloid leukemias (AMLs) encompasses four major categories: 1) AML with recurrent genetic abnormalities; 2) AML with multilineage dysplasia; 3) Therapy-related AML; 4) AML not otherwise specified. The required bone marrow or peripheral blood blast percentage for the diagnosis of AML is 20% (WHO classification).; A clonal hematopoietic disorder characterized by dysplasia and ineffective hematopoiesis in one or more of the hematopoietic cell lines. The dysplasia may be accompanied by an increase in myeloblasts, but the number is less than 20%, which, according to the WHO guidelines, is the requisite threshold for the diagnosis of acute myeloid leukemia. It may occur de novo or as a result of exposure to alkylating agents and/or radiotherapy. (WHO, 2001); A clonal myeloid disorder of childhood previously classified as myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm. It is characterized by the presence of monocytic proliferation in peripheral blood, less than 20% blasts in bone marrow and peripheral blood, splenomegaly, and the absence of BCR-ABL1 fusion. Almost all patients carry mutations of the RAS pathway.; A clonal myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by the proliferation and accumulation of neoplastic mast cells in one or multiple organs or organ systems. It is a heterogeneous group of neoplasms, ranging from cutaneous proliferations which may regress spontaneously, to aggressive neoplasms associated with organ failure and short survival.; A clonal proliferation of myeloid cells and their precursors in the bone marrow, peripheral blood, and spleen. When the proliferating cells are immature myeloid cells and myeloblasts, it is called acute myeloid leukemia. When the proliferating myeloid cells are neutrophils, it is called chronic myelogenous leukemia.; A group of acute myeloid leukemias characterized by recurrent genetic abnormalities, mainly balanced translocations.  (WHO, 2001); A group of myeloid neoplasms that includes the following: chronic myeloid leukemia, BCR-ABL1 positive; polycythemia vera; essential thrombocythemia;  primary myelofibrosis; chronic neutrophilic leukemia; chronic eosinophilic leukemia, not otherwise specified; and myeloproliferative neoplasm, unclassifiable.; A group of rare myeloid and lymphoid neoplasms characterized by rearrangement of the PDGFRA, PDGFRB, FGFR1, or JAK2 genes, resulting in the formation of tyrosine kinase fusion transcripts. Eosinophilia is a characteristic finding but it is not always present.; A liquid tissue; its major function is to transport oxygen throughout the body. It also supplies the tissues with nutrients, removes waste products, and contains various components of the immune system defending the body against infection. Several hormones also travel in the blood.; A morphologic finding indicating tissue infiltration by non-neoplastic or neoplastic histiocytes.; A myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by a deletion between bands q31 and 33 on chromosome 5.  The number of blasts in the bone marrow and blood is <5%.  The bone marrow is usually hypercellular or normocellular with increased number of often hypolobated megakaryocytes.  The peripheral blood shows macrocytic anemia.  This syndrome occurs predominantly but not exclusively in middle age to older women.  The prognosis is good and transformation to acute leukemia is rare.  (WHO, 2001); A myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by bi-cytopenia or pancytopenia and dysplastic changes in 10% or more of the cells in two or more of the myeloid cell lines. (WHO, 2001); A myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by bi-cytopenia or pancytopenia, dysplastic changes in 10% or more of the cells in two or more of the myeloid cell lines, and 15% or more ring sideroblasts in the bone marrow.  (WHO, 2001); A myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by dysplastic changes involving only one myeloid cell lineage in the bone marrow.; A myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by the presence of dysplasia in one or more hematopoietic cell lineages and 10-19% blasts in bone marrow or peripheral blood.; A myelodysplastic syndrome resulting from chemotherapy or radiation therapy for cancer.; A myelodysplastic syndrome with ring sideroblasts and dysplastic changes involving only one myeloid cell lineage in the bone marrow.; A myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by marked thrombocytosis, anemia, erythroid lineage dysplasia, presence or absence of multilineage dysplasia, 15% or more ring sideroblasts, blasts less than 5% in bone marrow and less than 1% in peripheral blood, absence of BCR/ABL fusion, absence of SF3B1 mutation, absence of genetic abnormalities associated with myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and tyrosine kinase gene fusions, and no history of other myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasms or myeloproliferative neoplasms and myelodysplastic syndromes.; A myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by the presence of leukocytosis with increased numbers of neutrophils, promyelocytes, myelocytes, and metamyelocytes; blasts less than 20% in bone marrow and peripheral blood; dysgranulopoiesis; minimal or absent monocytosis; absence of eosinophilia; and presence of bone marrow hypercellularity with granulocytic proliferation and granulocytic dysplasia. Dysplasia in the erythroid and megakaryocytic lineages may be present or absent. No evidence of BCR/ABL fusion is present.; A myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm that does not meet the criteria of other myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasms, myelodysplastic syndromes, and myeloproliferative neoplasms. It is associated with cytopenia, blasts less than 20% in bone marrow and peripheral blood, thrombocytosis, and absence of genetic abnormalities associated with myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and tyrosine kinase gene fusions.; A myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm which is characterized by persistent monocytosis, absence of a Philadelphia chromosome and BCR/ABL fusion gene, fewer than 20 percent blasts in the bone marrow and blood, myelodysplasia, and absence of PDGFRA or PDGFRB rearrangement.; A myeloid disorder that occurs in childhood and is characterized by persistent cytopenia, dysplastic changes in at least two hematopoietic lineages or in 10% or more of cells in one hematopoietic lineage, less than 5% blasts in bone marrow, and less than 2% blasts in peripheral blood, absence of bone marrow fibrosis, and absence of history of prior cytotoxic chemotherapy or radiation therapy. In a subset of cases, somatic mutations or cytogenetic abnormalities can be identified. Other cases are the result of pre-existing disorders with germline mutations, including Fanconi anemia, Shwachman-Diamond syndrome, and dyskeratosis congenita.; A neoplasm composed of spindle to ovoid cells which have morphologic and immunophenotypic characteristics of follicular dendritic cells. It affects lymph nodes and other sites including the tonsils, gastrointestinal tract, spleen, liver, soft tissues, skin, and oral cavity. It usually behaves as a low grade sarcoma. Treatment options include complete surgical removal of the tumor with or without adjuvant chemotherapy or radiotherapy. Recurrences have been reported in up to half of the cases.; A neoplastic proliferation of Langerhans cells which contain Birbeck granules by ultrastructural examination. Three major overlapping syndromes are recognized: eosinophilic granuloma, Letterer-Siwe disease, and Hand-Schuller-Christian disease. The clinical course is generally related to the number of organs affected at presentation. (WHO, 2001); A neoplastic proliferation of spindle to ovoid cells which show phenotypic features similar to those of interdigitating dendritic cells.  The clinical course is generally aggressive. (WHO, 2008); A rare acute leukemia of ambiguous lineage in which the blasts do not express markers specific to myeloid or lymphoid lineage.; A rare acute myeloid leukemia in which the immature cells differentiate towards basophils.; A rare chronic myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by neutrophilic leukocytosis.  There is no detectable Philadelphia chromosome or BCR/ABL fusion gene.; A rare histiocytic disorder of unknown etiology, characterized by distention of the lymph node sinuses and sinusoidal histiocytic infiltration. The histiocytes characteristically contain ingested lymphocytes and are S100 and CD68 positive, and CD1a negative. Patients present with cervical lymphadenopathy, fever, leukocytosis, and hypergammaglobulinemia. It can affect extranodal sites, including skin, bones, and the respiratory tract. It occurs in isolation or may be associated with autoimmune disorders or malignancies. Mutations in NRAS, KRAS, MAP2K1, and ARAF genes have been identified in affected tissues, suggesting a clonal origin in some cases. It is a self-limited disorder, although some patients may have a poor prognosis.; A rare malignant neoplasm characterized by localized but destructive growth of a tumor consisting of highly atypical, immature mast cells. (WHO, 2001); A rare mixed phenotype acute leukemia in which the blasts carry a translocation between the KMT2A gene at 11q23.3 and another gene partner. The prognosis is usually unfavorable.; A rare mixed phenotype acute leukemia in which the blasts carry the chromosomal translocation t(9;22)(q34.1;q11.2) that results in BCR-ABL1 gene fusion. The prognosis is usually unfavorable.; A rare mixed phenotype acute leukemia in which the blasts express B-lymphoid and myeloid lineage markers but are negative for KMT2A rearrangement and t(9;22)(q34;q11.2) translocation. The prognosis is usually unfavorable.; A rare mixed phenotype acute leukemia in which the blasts express T-lymphoid and myeloid lineage markers but are negative for KMT2A rearrangement and t(9;22)(q34;q11.2) translocation. The prognosis is usually unfavorable.; A rare myeloproliferative neoplasm characterized by a clonal proliferation of eosinophilic precursors resulting in persistently increased numbers of eosinophils in the blood, marrow and peripheral tissues.  Since acute eosinophilic leukemia is at best exceedingly rare, the term eosinophilic leukemia is normally used as a synonym for chronic eosinophilic leukemia.  In cases in which it is impossible to prove clonality and there is no increase in blast cells, the diagnosis of "idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome" is preferred.  (WHO, 2001); A rare, de novo acute myeloid leukemia in which the blasts harbor BCR-ABL1 translocation in the absence of a history and clinical and laboratory features of chronic myelogenous leukemia.; A subtype of myelodysplastic syndrome which initially lacks findings appropriate for classification into any other myelodysplastic category.  There are no specific morphologic findings.  The diagnosis can be made in the following instances: 1. in cases of refractory cytopenia with unilineage dysplasia or refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia but with 1% blasts in the peripheral blood; 2: in cases of myelodysplastic syndrome with unilineage dysplasia which are associated with pancytopenia; 3: in cases with persistent cytopenia (s) with 1% or fewer blasts in the blood and fewer than 5% in the bone marrow, unequivocal dysplasia in less than 10% of the cells in one or more myeloid lineages, and cytogenetic abnormalities considered as presumptive evidence of myelodysplastic syndrome. (WHO, 2008); A term that refers to acute promyelocytic leukemias that show variant translocations involving the RARA gene. The variant fusion partners include NUMA1, ZBTB16, STAT5B, and NPM1.; A tumor mass composed of myeloblasts or immature myeloid cells.  It occurs in extramedullary sites or the bone.  (WHO, 2001); A variant of systemic mastocytosis with involvement of the bone marrow (20% or more mast cells) and the peripheral blood (mast cells account for 10% or more of peripheral blood white cells). (WHO, 2001); A very rare, multisystem non-Langerhans cell histiocytosis that predominantly affects adults.  It is characterized by the proliferation in the tissues of lipid-laden macrophages and the presence of multinucleated giant cells.  It results in sclerosis of the long bones and failure of the affected organs.  Patients may present with bone pain, exophthalmos, ataxia, liver failure, kidney failure, and hypopituitarism.; Acute erythroid leukemia characterized by the presence of immature erythroid cells in the bone marrow (at least 80% of the cellular component), without evidence of a significant myeloblastic cell population present.; Acute myeloid leukemia characterized by the presence of RUNX1 gene mutation.; Acute myeloid leukemia or myelodysplastic syndrome occurring in children with Down syndrome.  The acute myeloid leukemia is usually an acute megakaryoblastic leukemia, and is associated with GATA1 gene mutation.; Acute myeloid leukemias that do not fulfill the criteria for inclusion in the group of acute myeloid leukemias which have recurrent genetic abnormalities or myelodysplastic changes, or are therapy-related.  This category includes entities classified according to the French-American-British classification scheme.; Acute myeloid leukemias, myelodysplastic syndromes, and myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasms arising as a result of the mutagenic effect of chemotherapy agents and/or radiation that are used for the treatment of neoplastic or non-neoplastic disorders.; An acute leukemia characterized by the proliferation of both neutrophil and monocyte precursors.  (WHO, 2001); An acute leukemia in which the blasts lack sufficient evidence to classify as myeloid or lymphoid or they have morphologic and/or immunophenotypic characteristics of both myeloid and lymphoid cells. (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia (AML) characterized by blasts with evidence of maturation to more mature neutrophils. (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia (AML) characterized by blasts without evidence of maturation to more mature neutrophils. (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in which the blasts do not show evidence of myeloid differentiation by morphology and conventional cytochemistry. (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia arising as a result of the mutagenic effect of chemotherapy agents and/or ionizing radiation.  (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia associated with inv(3)(q21.3q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21.3;q26.2) resulting in the reposition of a distal GATA2 enhancer to activate MECOM expression. It may present de novo or follow a myelodysplastic syndrome. The clinical course is aggressive.; An acute myeloid leukemia associated with t(1;22)(p13.3;q13.1) resulting in the expression of RBM15-MKL1 fusion protein. It affects infants and children and usually shows megakaryocytic maturation.; An acute myeloid leukemia associated with t(6;9)(p22.3;q34.1) resulting in DEK-NUP214(CAN) fusion protein expression. It is often associated with multilineage dysplasia and basophilia. It affects both children and adults and it usually has an unfavorable clinical outcome.; An acute myeloid leukemia associated with t(9;11)(p21.3;q23.3) and MLLT3-KMT2A fusion protein expression. Morphologically it usually has monocytic features. It may present at any age but it is more commonly seen in children. Patients may present with disseminated intravascular coagulation.; An acute myeloid leukemia characterized by bone marrow fibrosis without preexisting primary myelofibrosis.; An acute myeloid leukemia in which at least 50% of the blasts are of megakaryocytic lineage. (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia in which the majority of monocytic cells are promonocytes.  (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia with at least 20% blasts in the bone marrow or blood, and either a previous history of myelodysplastic syndrome, multilineage dysplasia or myelodysplastic syndrome-related cytogenetic abnormalities.  There is no history of prior cytotoxic therapy for an unrelated disorder, and there is absence of the molecular abnormalities that are present in acute myeloid leukemia with recurrent genetic abnormalities.; An acute myeloid leukemia with double mutations of the CEBPA gene.; An acute myeloid leukemia with monocytic and granulocytic differentiation and the presence of a characteristically abnormal eosinophil component in the bone marrow.  This type of acute myeloid leukemia has a favorable prognosis.  (WHO, 2001); An acute myeloid leukemia with mutation of the nucleophosmin gene. It is usually associated with normal karyotype and frequently has myelomonocytic or monocytic features. It usually responds to induction therapy.; An acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22; q22.1) giving rise to RUNX1/RUNX1T1 fusion transcript and showing maturation in the neutrophil lineage. The bone marrow and the peripheral blood show large myeloblasts with abundant basophilic cytoplasm, often containing azurophilic granules. This type of AML is associated with good response to chemotherapy and high complete remission rate.; An acute promyelocytic leukemia with t(15;17)(q24.1;q21.2); PML-RARA that occurs in children.; An aggressive and progressive mast cell neoplasm characterized by systemic infiltration of internal organs by aggregates of neoplastic mast cells. There is no evidence of mast cell leukemia or clonal hematologic malignancy. Clinical symptoms include hepatomegaly, splenomegaly, portal hypertension, malabsorption syndrome, and pathologic fractures.; An indolent mast cell neoplasm characterized by systemic infiltration of skin and internal organs by aggregates of neoplastic mast cells. There is no evidence of mast cell leukemia or clonal hematologic malignancy. Clinically, there is no evidence of palpable hepatomegaly and splenomegaly, malabsorption syndrome, or pathologic fractures.; Hematologic neoplasms characterized by the presence of t(8;9)(p22;p24.1) that results in PCM1-JAK2 fusion gene expression. It is associated with eosinophilia, bone marrow findings of left-shifted erythroid predominance, lymphoid aggregates, and often myelofibrosis. Rare cases present as T- or B-acute lymphoblastic leukemia.; Hematologic neoplasms characterized by the rearrangement of the FGFR1 gene, resulting in translocations with an 8p11 breakpoint. Patients present with a myeloproliferative neoplasm, acute myeloid leukemia, lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukemia of T or B-cell lineage, or acute leukemia of mixed phenotype.; Hematologic neoplasms characterized by the rearrangement of the PDGFRA gene, most often resulting in the formation of FIP1L1-PDGFRA fusion transcripts. Patients usually present with chronic eosinophilic leukemia, and less often with acute myeloid leukemia or T-lymphoblastic leukemia.; Hematologic neoplasms occurring in individuals with Down syndrome.  There is an increased risk of acute leukemias in both children and adults with Down syndrome.  In particular, the incidence of acute myeloid leukemia in Down syndrome children of less than five years of age is particularly high, it is usually an acute megakaryoblastic leukemia, and is associated with GATA1 gene mutation.  This group of disorders also includes the entity transient abnormal myelopoiesis which occurs in neonates and is associated with GATA1 gene mutation.; Mastocytosis that affects the skin. It may manifest as pure cutaneous mastocytosis without extracutaneous involvement or as the result of cutaneous involvement in systemic mastocytosis.; Myelodysplastic syndrome characterized by the presence of 5-9% blasts in bone marrow and 2-9% blasts in peripheral blood.; Myeloid and rarely lymphoid neoplasms characterized by the rearrangement of the PDGFRB gene, most often resulting in the formation of ETV6-PDGFRB fusion transcripts. Patients usually present with chronic myelomonocytic leukemia and less often with atypical chronic myeloid leukemia, or chronic eosinophilic leukemia.; Primary myelofibrosis characterized by bone marrow hypercellularity and the presence of atypical megakaryocytes. There is no increase in the percentage of myeloblasts and no significant increase in reticulin or collagen fibrosis in the bone marrow.; Primary myelofibrosis characterized by reticulin or collagen fibrosis in the bone marrow. The bone marrow is usually normocellular or hypocellular. Myeloblasts account for less than 10% of the bone marrow cells. Atypical megakaryocytes are present.; Slowly progressive systemic mastocytosis with uncertain prognosis. It is characterized by organomegaly and absence of aggressive disease.; Systemic infiltration of extracutaneous sites by clonal mast cells, with or without evidence of skin involvement.; This subgroup of myeloproliferative neoplasms includes cases which do not meet the morphologic criteria of any of the defined myeloproliferative neoplasms, or which have characteristics that overlap at least two of the myeloproliferative neoplasms.

oncotree_code : OTHER
tissue_name : Other
key_phrases : acinar cell carcinoma; adenocarcinoma in retrorectal cystic hamartoma; adenocarcinoma in situ; advanced carcinoma unknown primary; ais; cancer unknown primary; carcinoma unknown primary origin; extra gonadal germ cell tumor; mixed cancer types; neuroendocrine carcinoma; neuroendocrine tumor; other cancer; other or miscellaneous; poorly differentiated carcinoma; small cell carcinoma unknown primary; squamous cell carcinoma; undifferentiated malignant neoplasm
descriptions : A carcinoma that has spread to other regions from an unknown primary anatomic site.; A lesion in which the normally situated glands are partially or completely replaced by atypical cells with malignant characteristics.; A neoplasm that has minimal to no differentiating features.; Different than the one(s) previously specified or mentioned.

oncotree_code : OVARY
tissue_name : Ovary/Fallopian Tube
key_phrases : androblastoma; animal ovary; arrhenoblastoma; borderline endometrioid neoplasm ovary; borderline endometrioid tumor ovary; borderline ovarian clear cell neoplasm; borderline ovarian clear cell tumor; borderline ovarian endometrioid neoplasm; borderline ovarian endometrioid tumor/atypical proliferative ovarian endometrioid tumor; borderline ovarian mucinous neoplasm; borderline ovarian mucinous tumor endocervical-like; brenner tumor benign; brenner tumor borderline; brenner tumor malignant; carcinosarcoma ovary; clear cell borderline ovarian tumor; clear cell cystic tumor borderline malignancy; clear cell ovarian cancer; dysgerminoma malignant; dysgerminoma ovary; ebt/apet; embryonal carcinoma ovary; endometrioid adenocarcinoma ovary; endometrioid borderlin ovarian tumor; endometrioid cancer ovary; endometrioid carcinoma ovary; endometrioid neoplasm with proliferating activity ovarian; endometrioid ovarian cancer; endometrioid tumor with proliferating activity ovarian; epithelial neoplasm ovary; epithelial tumor ovary; female gonad; female organism genitalia gonada; female organism reproductive system gonada; female reproductive system gonada; fibrothecoma; genital system female ovary; genitalia female organism gonada; germ cell endodermal sinus neoplasm ovary; germ cell endodermal sinus tumor ovary; gonad female organism genitalia; gonad female organism reproductive system; gonad female reproductive system; gonad genitalia female organism; gonad reproductive system female organism; gonada female organism genitalia; gonada female organism reproductive system; gonada female reproductive system; gonada genitalia female organism; gonada reproductive system female organism; grade 2 ovarian teratoma; granulosa cell neoplasm; granulosa cell tumor; high-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma ovary; high-grade serous fallopian tube cancer; high-grade serous ovarian cancer; immature germ cell teratoma ovary; immature ovarian teratoma; immature teratoma ovary; low malignant potential endometrioid neoplasm ovary; low malignant potential endometrioid tumor ovary; low malignant potential ovarian endometrioid neoplasm; low malignant potential ovarian endometrioid tumor; low-grade serous ovarian cancer; malignant mixed mesodermal mullerian neoplasm ovary; malignant mixed mesodermal mullerian tumor ovary; malignant mixed mesodermal müllerian neoplasm ovary; malignant mixed mesodermal müllerian tumor ovary; mixed germ cell neoplasm ovary; mixed germ cell tumor ovary; mixed ovarian carcinoma; mucinous borderline ovarian tumor; mucinous neoplasm ovary; mucinous ovarian cancer; mucinous tumor ovary; ovarian cancer other; ovarian carcinosarcoma/malignant mixed mesodermal tumor; ovarian choriocarcinoma; ovarian dysgerminoma; ovarian embryonal carcinoma; ovarian endodermal sinus neoplasm; ovarian endodermal sinus tumor; ovarian endometrioid adenocarcinoma; ovarian endometrioid borderline neoplasm; ovarian endometrioid borderline tumor; ovarian endometrioid cancer; ovarian endometrioid carcinoma; ovarian endometrioid neoplasm low malignant potential; ovarian endometrioid neoplasm with proliferating activity; ovarian endometrioid tumor low malignant potential; ovarian endometrioid tumor with proliferating activity; ovarian epithelial tumor; ovarian germ cell endodermal sinus neoplasm; ovarian germ cell endodermal sinus tumor; ovarian germ cell immature teratoma; ovarian germ cell neoplasm; ovarian germ cell tumor; ovarian gonadoblastoma; ovarian immature germ cell teratoma; ovarian immature teratoma; ovarian malignant mesodermal (mullerian) mixed tumor; ovarian malignant mesodermal (müllerian) mixed tumor; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal (mullerian) tumor; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal (müllerian) tumor; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal mullerian neoplasm; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal mullerian tumor; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal müllerian neoplasm; ovarian malignant mixed mesodermal müllerian tumor; ovarian malignant mixed mullerian neoplasm; ovarian malignant mixed mullerian tumor; ovarian malignant mixed müllerian neoplasm; ovarian malignant mixed müllerian tumor; ovarian mixed germ cell neoplasm; ovarian mixed germ cell tumor; ovarian mmmt; ovarian polyembryoma; ovarian seromucinous adenoma; ovarian seromucinous borderline tumor; ovarian seromucinous carcinoma; ovarian serous adenocarcinoma; ovarian serous carcinoma; ovarian sertoli-leydig cell neoplasm; ovarian sertoli-leydig cell tumor; ovarian sex cord-stromal neoplasm; ovarian sex cord-stromal tumor; ovarian small cell cancer; ovarian small cell carcinoma; ovarian stromal tumor; ovarian structure (body structure); ovarian surface epithelial-stromal tumor; ovarian surface-epithelial stromal neoplasm; ovarian yolk sac neoplasm; ovarian yolk sac tumor; ovarian/fallopian tube cancer; ovaries; ovary/fallopian tube; ovum-producing ovary; polyembryoma ovary; proliferating endometrioid neoplasm ovary; proliferating endometrioid tumor ovary; proliferating ovarian endometrioid neoplasm; proliferating ovarian endometrioid tumor; reproductive system female organism gonada; serous adenocarcinoma ovary; serous borderline ovarian tumor micropapillary; serous carcinoma ovary; sertoli-leydig cell tumor ovary; sertoli-leydig neoplasm ovary; sex cord stromal tumor; sex cord-stromal neoplasm ovary; sex cord-stromal tumor ovary; small cell carcinoma ovary; steroid cell tumor; yolk sac neoplasm ovary; yolk sac tumor ovary
descriptions : A benign or malignant neoplasm that arises from the ovary and is composed of granulosa cells, Sertoli cells, Leydig cells, theca cells, and fibroblasts.  Representative examples include thecoma, fibroma, Sertoli cell tumor, and granulosa cell tumor.; A benign or malignant sex cord-stromal tumor arising from the ovary. It is characterized by the presence of neoplastic Leydig cells. Signs and symptoms include hirsutism, menorrhagia and metrorrhagia. It may be associated with trisomy 8.; A benign, borderline, or malignant epithelial tumor of the ovary characterized by the presence of neoplastic epithelial cells that contain intracytoplasmic mucin and may resemble the epithelial cells of the endocervix or gastrointestinal tract.; A benign, borderline, or malignant epithelial tumor of the ovary that is characterized by a predominance of clear and hobnail cells.; A benign, borderline, or malignant tumor that originates from the surface epithelium of the ovary.  It is composed of epithelial cells and stroma.  Representative examples of benign tumors include serous cystadenoma, mucinous cystadenoma, and benign Brenner tumor.  Representative examples of borderline tumors include serous surface papillary tumor, mucinous adenofibroma, and borderline Brenner tumor.  Representative examples of malignant tumors include serous adenocarcinoma, mucinous adenocarcinoma, endometrioid adenocarcinoma, and malignant Brenner tumor.; A carcinoma that arises from the ovary and is characterized by the presence of small malignant cells.  It includes small cell carcinoma, hypercalcemic type and small cell carcinoma, pulmonary type.; A highly aggressive malignant neoplasm arising from the ovary.  Morphologically, it is a high grade tumor, composed of carcinomatous and sarcomatous elements.; A low grade mucinous epithelial neoplasm arising from the ovary.  It is characterized by an atypical proliferation of mucinous-type epithelial cells without evidence of stromal invasion.  The mucinous epithelial cells may be of intestinal or endocervical type.; A malignant germ cell tumor arising from the ovary.  Morphologically, it is identical to seminoma and consists of a monotonous population of germ cells with abundant pale cytoplasm and uniform nuclei.  The stroma invariably contains chronic inflammatory cells, mostly T-lymphocytes. It responds to chemotherapy or radiotherapy and the prognosis relates to the tumor stage.; A malignant mixed epithelial neoplasm that arises from the ovary and is composed predominantly of serous and endocervical-type mucinous cells.; A neoplasm of low malignant potential arising from the ovary.  It is characterized by the proliferation of neoplastic epithelial cells that resemble endocervical epithelial cells.  There is no evidence of stromal invasion.; A neoplasm that arises from the ovary and is composed of tissues that resemble dysgerminoma or seminoma and are admixed with sex cord tissues.  It is found in children or young adults and usually is associated with secondary sex organs abnormalities.  The majority of patients present as phenotypic females with virilization.  The minority of patients present as phenotypic males with feminization.  It typically affects both gonads.  If a malignant germ cell component is present, it may metastasize to other anatomic sites.; A neoplasm that arises from the ovary and originates from germ cells. Representative examples include teratoma, embryonal carcinoma, yolk sac tumor, and dysgerminoma.; A rare, malignant germ cell tumor arising from the ovary.  It is characterized by the presence of embryoid bodies which resemble early embryos.; A slow-growing sex cord-stromal tumor characterized by the presence of granulosa-like cells and Call-Exner bodies. It is almost always found in the ovary and rarely in the testis. There are two types of granulosa cell tumors: the adult and the juvenile.; A tumor composed of solid and cystic nests of neoplastic urothelial-type cells in an abundant stromal component that is dense and fibroblastic in nature. It arises from the ovary and very rarely the paratesticular structures. It includes benign Brenner tumor, borderline Brenner tumor, and malignant Brenner tumor.; A usually rapidly growing malignant germ cell tumor arising from the ovary.  It usually occurs in children and adolescents.  Signs and symptoms include abdominal pain and a large abdominal or pelvic mass.  The serum alpha-fetoprotein is almost always elevated preoperatively.  Morphologically, there is marked heterogeneity due to numerous patterns of differentiation coexisting in the same tumor.  The most common pattern is reticular.; An adenocarcinoma that arises from the ovary and is characterized by the presence of malignant epithelial cells that, in well differentiated tumors, resemble the epithelium of the fallopian tube or, in poorly differentiated tumors, show anaplastic features and marked nuclear atypia.; An embryonal carcinoma arising from the ovary.  Signs and symptoms include the presence of an abdominal mass and abdominal pain.; An endometrioid adenocarcinoma arising from the ovary.  It comprises 10% to 25% of all primary ovarian carcinomas.  Grossly, endometrioid carcinoma may present as a cystic or solid mass.  Microscopically, the tumor greatly resembles the appearance of the ordinary type of endometrial adenocarcinoma.  As a group, endometrioid carcinoma has a prognosis twice as good as that of serous or mucinous carcinoma.; An epithelial neoplasm that arises from the ovary characterized by the presence of glandular or cystic spaces which contain atypical glandular epithelial cells resembling endometrial cells. The surrounding ovarian stroma is often fibrotic. There is no evidence of stromal invasion.; An epithelial neoplasm with low malignant potential affecting the ovary.  It is characterized by the presence of clear or hobnail cells.  In some cases, the cells may display nuclear atypia and prominent nucleoli.  When such cells are present, they remain confined to the glands.  There is no evidence of stromal invasion.; An immature teratoma arising from the ovary.  It usually affects females in their first two decades of life.; An ovarian malignant germ cell tumor characterized by the presence of at least two different germ cell tumor components. The most common combination of germ cell tumors is dysgerminoma and yolk sac tumor.; An ovarian teratoma which may be cystic, composed entirely of well differentiated, adult-type tissues, without evidence of fetal-type tissues.; One of the paired female reproductive glands containing the ova or germ cells; the ovary's stroma is a vascular connective tissue containing numbers of ovarian follicles enclosing the ova.

oncotree_code : PANCREAS
tissue_name : Pancreas
key_phrases : acinar cell adenocarcinoma pancreas; acinar cell carcinoma pancreas; adenosquamous carcinoma pancreas; cystic tumor pancreas; gastrointestinal tract pancreas; intraductal oncocytic papillary neoplasm; intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm; intraductal tubulopapillary neoplasm; islet cell tumors pancreas; osteoclastic giant cell tumor; pancreas acinar cell adenocarcinoma; pancreas adenocarcinoma; pancreatic acinar cell adenocarcinoma; pancreatic acinar cell cancer; pancreatic acinar cell carcinoma; pancreatic adenoacanthoma; pancreatic adenocarcinoma; pancreatic adenosquamous cancer; pancreatic adenosquamous carcinoma; pancreatic cancer; pancreatic carcinosarcoma; pancreatic intraductal papillary-mucinous neoplasm; pancreatic intraductal papillary-mucinous tumor; pancreatic ipmn; pancreatic mixed squamous and adenocarcinoma; pancreatic mucinous cystic neoplasm; pancreatic mucinous-cystic neoplasm; pancreatic mucoepidermoid carcinoma; pancreatic net; pancreatic neuroendocrine carcinoma; pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor; pancreatic serous cystadenoma; pancreatic structure (body structure); pancreatic undifferentiated carcinoma; pancreatic well differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; pancreatic well-differentiated neuroendocrine neoplasm; pancreatoblastoma; pannet; pleomorphic large cell pancreatic carcinoma; sarcomatoid pancreatic carcinoma; serous cystadenoma pancreas; solid pseudopapillary neoplasm pancreas; solid pseudopapillary tumor pancreas; spindle cell pancreatic carcinoma; undifferentiated (anaplastic) pancreatic carcinoma; undifferentiated carcinoma pancreas; undifferentiated pancreatic carcinoma; well differentiated pancreatic endocrine neoplasm; well differentiated pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasm; well-differentiated pancreatic endocrine neoplasm; well-differentiated pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasm
descriptions : A benign, non-metastasizing cystic epithelial neoplasm arising from the exocrine pancreas. It is composed of glycogen-rich epithelial cells that produce a watery fluid. Signs and symptoms include abdominal mass, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and weight loss.; A carcinoma that arises from the pancreas and is characterized by the presence of malignant cells that do not show differentiation. The prognosis is poor.; A carcinoma that arises from the pancreas showing both ductal and squamous differentiation.  The squamous component should represent at least 30% of the malignant cellular infiltrate.  The prognosis is usually worse than that of ductal adenocarcinoma.; A cystic epithelial neoplasm that arises from the exocrine pancreas and affects almost exclusively females. It is characterized by the presence of columnar mucin-producing epithelial cells and ovarian-type stroma formation. This category includes non-invasive pancreatic mucinous-cystic neoplasms (low-or high-grade) and pancreatic mucinous-cystic neoplasms with an associated invasive carcinoma.; A low-grade malignant neoplasm that arises from the exocrine pancreas. It is characterized by the presence of uniform cells that form solid and pseudopapillary patterns, cystic changes, and hemorrhage. Perineural invasion, vascular invasion, and invasion into surrounding tissues may be present. It usually presents as an encapsulated, solitary, and lobulated pancreatic mass. It is usually found incidentally during physical examination or it may present with abdominal discomfort and pain. It occurs predominantly in young women. Complete removal of the tumor is curative in the majority of cases.; A rare malignant epithelial neoplasm arising from the pancreas. The vast majority of cases occur during childhood. It is characterized by acinar differentiation, the formation of squamoid corpuscles, and the formation of stromal bands. Patients may present with an abdominal mass. Symptoms include pain, weight loss, and diarrhea. It may metastasize to lymph nodes, liver, and distant anatomic sites. Children who do not have metastatic disease at the time of diagnosis usually have a favorable clinical outcome when treated with a combination of surgery and chemotherapy. However, children with metastatic disease at presentation or adult patients usually have a poor prognosis.; A usually slow-growing epithelial neoplasm with ductal differentiation that arises from the exocrine pancreas and grows mostly within the pancreatic ducts. Grossly, it is characterized by the presence of intraductal masses. Morphologically, there is proliferation of mucin-producing cells within the pancreatic ducts, intraductal accumulation of mucin, and a papillary growth pattern. It may be associated with the presence of an invasive carcinoma. It usually occurs in older patients. Signs and symptoms include epigastric pain, weight loss, jaundice, chronic pancreatitis, and diabetes mellitus.; A well-differentiated, low-, intermediate-, or high-grade neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the islet cells of the pancreas. According to the presence or absence of clinical syndromes that result from hormone hypersecretion, pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors are classified either as functional or nonfunctional.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the pancreas.  It is characterized by the presence of relatively uniform malignant cells which form acinar patterns.  It usually occurs during adulthood.  Signs and symptoms include abdominal pain, weight loss, nausea, and diarrhea.  It may metastasize to regional lymph nodes and the liver.  A minority of patients develop lipase hypersecretion syndrome.  This syndrome may be seen in patients with liver metastases and it is characterized by excessive secretion of lipase in the serum, polyarthralgia, and subcutaneous fat necrosis.; An adenocarcinoma which arises from the exocrine pancreas.  Ductal adenocarcinoma and its variants are the most common types of pancreatic adenocarcinoma.; An organ behind the lower part of the stomach that is the shape of a fish and about the size of a hand. It is a compound gland composed of both exocrine and endocrine tissues. The endocrine pancreas makes insulin so that the body can use glucose (sugar) for energy. The exocrine pancreas makes enzymes that help the body digest food. Spread all over the pancreas are areas called the Islets of Langerhans. The cells in these areas each have a special purpose. The alpha cells make glucagon, which raises the level of glucose in the blood; the beta cells make insulin; the delta cells make somatostatin. There are also PP cells and D1 cells, about which little is known.

oncotree_code : PENIS
tissue_name : Penis
key_phrases : basaloid carcinoma penis; basaloid penile squamous cell carcinoma; basaloid squamous cell carcinoma penis; condylomatous carcinoma penis; condylomatous penile squamous cell carcinoma; condylomatous squamous cell carcinoma penis; epidermoid carcinoma penis; epidermoid cell carcinoma penis; genital system male penis; penile basaloid squamous cell carcinoma; penile cancer; penile epidermoid carcinoma; penile epidermoid cell carcinoma; penile squamous car.(epidermoid); penile squamous carcinoma (epidermoid); penile squamous cell cancer; penile structure (body structure); penile verrucous carcinoma; penile warty carcinoma; squamous carcinoma penis verrucous type; squamous cell carcinoma penis basaloid type; squamous cell carcinoma penis condylomatous type; squamous cell carcinoma penis warty type; verrucous carcinoma penis; verrucous penile carcinoma; verrucous penile squamous carcinoma; verrucous penile squamous cell carcinoma; verrucous squamous carcinoma penis; warty carcinoma penis; warty penile squamous cell carcinoma; warty squamous cell carcinoma penis
descriptions : A slow growing, locally recurring, very well differentiated papillary squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the penis. It is characterized by the presence of acanthosis and hyperkeratosis. The neoplastic infiltrate extends into the underlying stroma with a pushing border. Koilocytotic atypia is not present.; A squamous cell carcinoma arising from the penis.  It occurs chiefly in the squamous epithelium of the glans, coronal sulcus, and foreskin.  Etiologic factors include phimosis, lichen sclerosus, smoking, ultraviolet irradiation, history of warts or condylomas, and lack of circumcision.  Human papilloma virus is present in a subset of penile squamous cell carcinomas.  Patients may present with an exophytic or flat ulcerative mass in the glans or a large primary tumor with inguinal nodal and skin metastases. (WHO, 2004); A squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the penis.  It is characterized by a papillary growth pattern, hyperkeratosis and parakeratosis.  Koilocytotic atypia is present.  Human papillomavirus types 16 and 6 have been identified in some cases.; An aggressive, human papillomavirus-related squamous cell carcinoma that arises from the penis.  It is characterized by the presence of nests of small malignant cells.  The malignant cells tend to invade deeply into the adjacent tissues.  Comedo-type necrosis is often present.; The male organ of urination and copulation.

oncotree_code : PNS
tissue_name : Peripheral Nervous System
key_phrases : benign neurilemmoma; benign schwannoma; cellular neurilemmoma; cellular neurinoma; cellular schwannoma; ganglioneuroblastoma malignant; ganglioneuroma; malig. periph. nerve sheath tum.; malignant neurilemmoma; malignant peripheral nerve sheath neoplasm; malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor; malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumour; malignant schwannoma; melanocytic neurilemmoma; melanocytic schwannoma; melanotic neurilemmoma; melanotic neurinoma; melanotic schwannoma; mpnst; neoplasm nerve sheath; nerve sheath tumors; neural crest tumor malignant; neurilemoma malignant; neuroblastoma (nbl); neuroblastoma (schwannian stroma-poor); neurofibroma (who grade i); neurofibroma benign; neurofibrosarcoma malignant; neurogenic sarcoma; peripheral nervous system cancer; pigmented neurilemmoma; pigmented schwannoma; schwannoma (who grade i); schwannoma benign; schwannoma malignant; tumor nerve sheath
descriptions : A benign or malignant neoplasm arising from the perineural cells in the sheaths surrounding the nerves. Representative examples include neurofibroma, schwannoma, and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor.; A benign, usually encapsulated slow growing tumor composed of Schwann cells.  It affects peripheral and cranial nerves.  It recurs infrequently and only rare cases associated with malignant transformation have been reported.; A malignant neuroblastic tumor characterized by the presence of neuroblastic cells, ganglion cells, and a stroma with Schwannian differentiation constituting more than fifty-percent of the tumor volume.  There are two histologic subtypes identified: ganglioneuroblastoma, intermixed and ganglioneuroblastoma, nodular.; A malignant neuroblastic tumor characterized by the presence of neuroblastic cells, the absence of ganglion cells, and the absence of a prominent Schwannian stroma formation.; A morphologic variant of schwannoma characterized by hypercellularity, Antoni A pattern, and the absence of well-formed Verocay bodies.; A rare circumscribed, non-encapsulated and grossly pigmented nerve sheath tumor. It is composed of cells with the immunophenotypic and electron microscopic features of Schwann cells which contain melanosomes and are positive for melanoma markers. It usually involves spinal nerve roots but may occur in other locations. It may be associated with PRKAR1A gene mutation and Carney complex. Malignant behavior has been reported in a significant number of patients.; An intraneural or extraneural neoplasm arising from nerve tissues and neural sheaths. It is composed of perineurial-like fibroblasts and Schwann cells. It usually presents as a localized cutaneous lesion and less often as a circumscribed peripheral nerve mass. Patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 present with multiple masses. Neurofibromas which arise from major nerves and plexiform neurofibromas are precursor lesions to malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors.; An uncommon, highly aggressive malignant tumor, arising from the peripheral nerves and affecting mostly adults in their third to sixth decades of life.  It usually occurs in medium-sized and large nerves of the buttock, thigh, upper arm, or the paraspinal region.  It may be associated with neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1).; That part of the nervous system consisting of the nerves and neurons that reside or extend outside the central nervous system.

oncotree_code : PERITONEUM
tissue_name : Peritoneum
key_phrases : human peritoneal membrane; mesothelial neoplasm peritoneum; mesothelial tumor peritoneum; mesothelioma peritoneum; peritoneal cancer; peritoneal mesothelial neoplasm; peritoneal mesothelial tumor; peritoneal mesothelioma; peritoneal serous carcinoma
descriptions : A mesothelial neoplasm that arises from the peritoneum. It includes adenomatoid tumor, well differentiated papillary mesothelial tumor, multicystic mesothelioma, and malignant mesothelioma.; The tissue that lines the wall of the abdominal cavity, intestine, mesentery, and pelvic organs. It consists of the parietal peritoneum and the visceral peritoneum.

oncotree_code : PLEURA
tissue_name : Pleura
key_phrases : mesothelial neoplasm pleura; mesothelial tumor pleura; mesothelioma pleura; pleural cancer; pleural mesothelial neoplasm; pleural mesothelial tumor; pleural mesothelioma biphasic type; pleural mesothelioma epithelioid type; pleural mesothelioma sarcomatoid type; pleural tissue; wall pleural sac
descriptions : A mesothelial neoplasm that arises from the pleura. It includes adenomatoid tumor, well differentiated papillary mesothelial tumor, and malignant mesothelioma.; The tissue that lines the wall of the thoracic cavity and the surface of the lungs.

oncotree_code : PROSTATE
tissue_name : Prostate
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma prostate; basal cell carcinoma prostate; genital system male prostate; gland prostate; neuroendocrine neoplasm prostate; oat cell carcinoma prostate; prad; prostate adenocarcinoma; prostate cancer; prostate gland; prostate neuroendocrine carcinoma; prostate neuroendocrine neoplasm; prostate oat cell carcinoma; prostate small cell carcinoma; prostate small cell nec; prostate small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma; prostate squamous cell carcinoma; prostatic gland; prostatic structure (body structure); small cell carcinoma prostate; squamous cell carcinoma prostate
descriptions : A neoplasm with neuroendocrine differentiation that arises from the prostate gland.; A rare small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma that arises from the prostate gland.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the prostate gland.  It is one of the most common malignant tumors afflicting men.  The majority of adenocarcinomas arise in the peripheral zone and a minority occurs in the central or the transitional zone of the prostate gland.  Grading of prostatic adenocarcinoma predicts disease progression and correlates with survival.  Several grading systems have been proposed, of which the Gleason system is the most commonly used.  Gleason sums of 2 to 4 represent well-differentiated disease, 5 to 7 moderately differentiated disease and 8 to 10 poorly differentiated disease.  Prostatic-specific antigen (PSA) serum test is widely used as a screening test for the early detection of prostatic adenocarcinoma.  Treatment options include radical prostatectomy, radiation therapy, androgen ablation and cryotherapy.  Watchful waiting or surveillance alone is an option for older patients with low-grade or low-stage disease.; An invasive prostate carcinoma characterized by the presence of malignant cells with squamous differentiation. There is no evidence of glandular differentiation.; The walnut shaped accessory sex gland of the male reproductive system. It is located in the pelvis just below the bladder, surrounding the prostatic part of the urethra. The prostate gland secretes a fluid which is part of the semen.

oncotree_code : SKIN
tissue_name : Skin
key_phrases : acral lentiginous malignant melanoma; acral lentiginous melanoma malignant; acral melanoma; adenocarcinoma sebaceous malignant; afx; aggressive digital papillary adenocarcinoma; aggressive digital papillary adenoma; atypical cutaneous fibroxanthoma; atypical fibrous histiocytoma; atypical fibroxanthoma skin; atypical nevus; atypical skin fibroxanthoma; basal cell carcinoma skin; basal cell epithelioma; basal cell skin carcinoma; bcc; benign cutaneous fibrous histiocytoma; benign eccrine spiradenoma; benign fibrous cutaneous histiocytoma; benign fibrous histiocytoma skin; benign skin fibrous histiocytoma; carcinoma adnexal malignant; carcinoma sebaceous cell; carcinoma sebaceous gland; carcinoma skin appendage; carcinoma sweat gland malignant; cm; columnar trichoblastoma; congenital cutaneous melanocytic nevus; congenital cutaneous nevus; congenital melanocytic nevi; congenital melanocytic nevus skin; congenital nevus skin; congenital pigmented melanocytic nevus; congenital pigmented nevus skin; congenital pigmented skin nevus; congenital skin nevus; cutaneous adnexal carcinoma; cutaneous congenital melanocytic nevus; cutaneous paget's disease; cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; dermatofibroma; dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans; desmoplastic cutaneous (skin) melanoma; desmoplastic melanoma; desmoplastic trichoepithelioma; dfsp; digital papillary carcinoma; digital papillary eccrine carcinoma; eccrine epithelioma; eccrine porocarcinoma; empd; endocrine mucin producing sweat gland carcinoma; entire skin; epidermoid carcinoma skin; epidermoid skin carcinoma; epidermotropic eccrine carcinoma; extramammary paget disease; extramammary paget's disease; human skin; integument; lentigo maligna melanoma; lmm; mac; malignant cutaneous melanoma; malignant eccrine poroma; malignant fibrous histiocytoma skin; malignant lentigo melanoma; malignant melanoma (of skin) stage unspecified; malignant melanoma skin stage unspecified; malignant melanoma skin unspecified; mcc; melanoma in hutchinson melanotic freckle; melanoma unknown primary; merkel cell cancer; merkel cell carcinoma unspecified; merkel cell tumor; microcystic adnexal carcinoma; paget disease extramammary; paget's disease skin; paget's skin disease; papillary digital eccrine carcinoma; porocarcinoma/spiroadenocarcinoma; poroid tumor; poroma/acrospiroma; proliferating pilar cystic tumor; sclerosing epithelial hamartoma; sebaceous adenocarcinoma; sebaceous cancer; sebaceous carcinoma; sebaceous gland carcinoma; skin adnexal carcinoma; skin appendage carcinoma; skin basal cell cancer; skin basal cell carcinoma; skin body; skin cancer non-melanoma; skin malignant fibrous histiocytoma; skin melanoma; skin organ; skin squamous cell cancer; skin squamous cell carcinoma; skin structure (body structure); skin total; spiroma/spiradenoma; spitzoid melanoma; squamous cell carcinoma skin; squamous cell skin carcinoma; subepidermal nodular fibrosis; superficial malignant fibrous histiocytoma; sweat gland adenocarcinoma; sweat gland carcinoma/apocrine eccrine carcinoma; sweat gland tubular carcinoma; syringomatous carcinoma
descriptions : A benign adnexal tumor occurring in the face of young female subjects. It is characterized by the presence of epithelial neoplastic cells and keratinous cysts in a desmoplastic stroma.; A benign epithelial neoplasm with eccrine or apocrine differentiation, arising from the sweat glands. It usually presents as a solitary, well circumscribed, firm nodule in the face and upper trunk. It is characterized by the presence of basaloid cells forming nodules in the dermis. Cases of carcinoma arising from long standing spiradenomas have been reported.; A benign, well circumscribed adnexal neoplasm arising from the intraepidermal portion of the sweat gland duct. It usually presents as a solitary, dome-shaped papule, nodule, or plaque on acral sites. It is characterized by a proliferation of uniform basaloid cells in the dermis and is associated with the presence of focal ductal and cystic structures. Complete excision is curative.; A carcinoma arising from the sebaceous glands, sweat glands, or the hair follicles. Representative examples include sebaceous carcinoma, apocrine carcinoma, eccrine carcinoma, and pilomatrical carcinoma.; A carcinoma arising from the squamous cells of the epidermis.  Skin squamous cell carcinoma is most commonly found on sun-exposed areas.  The majority of the tumors are well-differentiated.; A carcinoma that arises from the sweat glands. Representative examples include porocarcinoma, hidradenocarcinoma, microcystic adnexal carcinoma, skin adenoid cystic carcinoma, apocrine carcinoma, and digital papillary adenocarcinoma.; A carcinoma with eccrine differentiation arising from the sweat glands. It may arise de novo or as a malignant transformation of a pre-existing poroma. It usually grows in the legs, buttocks, feet, and trunk and usually presents as an ulcerative plaque. It is characterized by the presence of intraepidermal and dermal nests of malignant epithelial cells. It may recur after excision and metastasize to the lymph nodes and less frequently to distal anatomic sites.; A cutaneous nevus that is present at birth. It may present as a small macular, papular, or plaque-like lesion or as a large brown to black hairy skin lesion.; A form of melanoma occurring most often on the plantar, palmar, subungual, and periungual skin.  It presents as a pigmented macular lesion with irregular borders.  Morphologically, it consists of atypical spindled and dendritic melanocytes.  The epidermis is often hyperplastic and there is pagetoid infiltration of the epidermis by anaplastic cells.; A low grade fibroblastic neoplasm presenting as a nodular cutaneous mass, most often on the trunk and the proximal extremities.  The tumor diffusely infiltrates the dermis and the subcutaneous tissues.  It is considered a locally aggressive neoplasm, which often recurs but rarely metastasizes.; A low-grade adenocarcinoma with ductal differentiation, arising from the sweat glands. It presents as a scar usually in the face. It is characterized by the formation of small ducts and it frequently involves nerves and perineural spaces.; A malignant neoplasm in which there is infiltration of the skin by neoplastic large cells with abundant pale cytoplasm and large nuclei with prominent nucleoli (Paget cells). It may affect the anus, penis, scrotum, and vulva.; A malignant, usually aggressive tumor composed of atypical, neoplastic melanocytes. Most often, melanomas arise in the skin (cutaneous melanomas) and include the following histologic subtypes: superficial spreading melanoma, nodular melanoma, acral lentiginous melanoma, and lentigo maligna melanoma. Cutaneous melanomas may arise from acquired or congenital melanocytic or dysplastic nevi. Melanomas may also arise in other anatomic sites including the gastrointestinal system, eye, urinary tract, and reproductive system. Melanomas frequently metastasize to lymph nodes, liver, lungs, and brain.; A melanoma of the skin characterized by a proliferation of atypical spindled melanocytes in the dermis, in a background of abundant collagen. It usually presents as an amelanotic raised nodular lesion.; A melanoma of the skin characterized by single cell infiltration of the papillary dermis by atypical melanocytes, in a background of lentigo maligna changes.; A primary melanoma arising from atypical melanocytes in the skin.  Precursor lesions include acquired and congenital melanocytic nevi, and dysplastic nevi.  Several histologic variants have been recognized, including superficial spreading melanoma, acral lentiginous melanoma, nodular melanoma, and lentigo maligna melanoma.; A rare aggressive neuroendocrine carcinoma that usually arises from the skin. Rarely, it arises from extracutaneous sites, including the oral cavity, salivary glands, breast, vulva, and vaginal wall. The tumor is composed of small round cells with scanty cytoplasm. Merkel cell polyomavirus is implicated in the majority of cases.; A solitary, slowly growing, nodular tumor most often affecting the extremities. It is composed of fibrous and histiocytic cells which infiltrate the dermis and occasionally the underlying subcutaneous tissue.  Usually local excision is curative. Recurrences are reported only in a small minority of cases.; An adenocarcinoma arising from the sweat glands. Most cases present as nodular lesions on the digits, usually in the hands. It is characterized by the presence of epithelial cells in the dermis forming nodules. Cystic structures containing papillary projections are also present. It may recur and metastasize, most commonly to the lungs.; An adenocarcinoma with sebaceous differentiation. It presents as a painless mass and it may be multifocal. It grows in the ocular adnexae and in the skin of head and neck, trunk, genitals, and extremities. It is characterized by the presence of malignant cells with multivesicular and clear cytoplasm. It may recur and metastasize.; An intermediate cutaneous mesenchymal neoplasm of uncertain differentiation, usually affecting the actinic-damaged skin of the elderly.  The tumor presents as a single cutaneous nodule which is often ulcerated.  Microscopically, it is characterized by the presence of highly atypical cytologic features, pleomorphism and abundant mitotic figures. The vast majority of patients have an excellent prognosis following conservative therapy. Recurrences are infrequent, and metastasis is rare.; An organ that constitutes the external surface of the body. It consists of the epidermis, dermis, and skin appendages.; The most frequently seen skin cancer. It arises from basal cells of the epidermis and pilosebaceous units. Clinically it is divided into the following types: nodular, ulcerative, superficial, multicentric, erythematous, and sclerosing or morphea-like. More than 95% of these carcinomas occur in patients over 40. They develop on hair-bearing skin, most commonly on sun-exposed areas. Approximately 85% are found on the head and neck and the remaining 15% on the trunk and extremities. Basal cell carcinoma usually grows in a slow and indolent fashion. However, if untreated, the tumor may invade the subcutaneous fat, skeletal muscle and bone. Distant metastases are rare. Excision, curettage and irradiation cure most basal cell carcinomas.

oncotree_code : SOFT_TISSUE
tissue_name : Soft Tissue
key_phrases : aggressive angiomyxoma; alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma; alveolar soft part sarcoma; alveolar soft-part sarcoma; angiomatoid fibrous histiocytoma; arms; asps; atypical lipomatous tumor; benign angioma; benign hemangioma; central epithelioid sarcoma; clear cell sarcoma not kidney; clear cell sarcoma soft parts; clear cell sarcoma soft tissue; clear cell sarcoma tendons and aponeuroses; clear cell sarcoma/malignant melanoma soft parts (excluding clear cell sarcoma kidney); ddlps; dedifferentiated liposarcoma; deep "aggressive" angiomyxoma; deep (aggressive) angiomyxoma; deep angiomyxoma; deep fibromatosis/desmoid tumor; desmoid fibromatosis; desmoid-type fibromatosis; desmoid/aggressive fibromatosis; desmoplas. small round cell tumor; desmoplastic small round cell tumor; desmoplastic small round-cell neoplasm; desmoplastic small round-cell tumor; desmoplastic small-round-cell tumor; diffuse giant cell neoplasm tendon sheath; diffuse giant cell neoplasm tenosynovium; diffuse giant cell tumor tendon sheath; diffuse giant cell tumor tenosynovium; diffuse tenosynovial giant cell neoplasm; diffuse tenosynovial giant cell tumor; dsrct; embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma; epithelioid angioendothelioma; epithelioid angiosarcoma; epithelioid cell sarcoma; epithelioid hemangioendothelioma malignant; erms; ewing sarcoma soft tissue; fibromyxosarcoma; fibrosarcoma malignant; fibrosarcoma pleomorphic malignant; fibroxanthosarcoma; gastrointestinal stromal neoplasm; gastrointestinal stromal tumor (gist); gastrointestinal stromal tumor unspecified site; gists; glomangiosarcoma; glomus tumor malignant; hemangioma benign; hemangiosarcoma malignant; histiocytic and dendritic cell neoplasms; histiocytic and dendritic cell tumors; histiocytic dendritic cell sarcoma; histiocytic neoplasm; histiocytic sarcoma; histiocytoma fibrous malignant; imt; infantile fibrosarcoma; inflammatory fibrosarcoma; inflammatory myofibroblastic neoplasm; inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor; inflammatory pseudotumor; intimal sarcoma; large cell epithelioid sarcoma; leiomyoma; leiomyosarcoma (excluding uterine leiomyosarcoma); leiomyosarcoma malignant; leiomyosarcoma not uterine; leiomyosarcomas; liposarcoma malignant; localized fibrous mesothelioma; localized fibrous tumor; low grade fibromyxoid sarcoma; low-grade fibromyxoid sarcoma; malignant angioendothelioma; malignant fibromatous neoplasm; malignant fibrous cytoma; malignant fibrous histiocytoma soft tissue and bone; malignant fibroxanthoma; malignant glomus neoplasm; malignant glomus tumor; malignant hemangioendothelioma; malignant lipomatous neoplasm; malignant myoepithelioma; malignant smooth muscle neoplasm; malignant smooth muscle tumor; melanoma malignant soft parts; miscellaneous neuroepithelial tumor; mlps; monomorphous round cell rhabdomyosarcoma; mpc; myoepithelioma malignant; myofibromatosis; myopericytoma; myxofibrosarcoma; myxoid liposarcoma; myxoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma; myxoid mfh; myxoid/round cell liposarcoma; myxoid/round-cell liposarcoma; myxoliposarcoma; myxoma benign; neoplasm paraganglion; neoplasm with perivascular epithelioid cell differentiation; ofmt; ossifying fibromyxoid neoplasm; ossifying fibromyxoid tumor; ossifying fibromyxoma; paraganglioma; paraganglion neoplasm; paraganglion tumor; paraganglionic neoplasm; paraganglionic tumor; pecoma; perivascular epithelioid cell tumor; pigmented villonodular synovitis; pleomorphic liposarcoma; pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma; polyphenotypic small round cell tumor; proximal epithelioid sarcoma; proximal-type epithelioid sarcoma; pseudomyogenic hemangioendothelioma; radiation-associated sarcoma; radiation-related sarcoma; rhabdomyosarcoma malignant; round cell sarcoma; sarcoma histiocytic malignant; sarcoma synovial malignant; sclerosing epithelioid fibrosarcoma; sef; sft; soft tissue cancer; soft tissue myoepithelial carcinoma; solitary fibrous tumor/hemangiopericytoma; solitary myofibroma; spindle cell rhabdomyosarcoma; spindle cell/sclerosing rhabdomyosarcoma; storiform-pleomorphic fibrous histiocytoma; storiform-pleomorphic malignant fibrous histiocytoma; storiform-pleomorphic mfh; submesothelial fibroma; synovial sarcoma; synovioma; tenosynovial giant cell tumor diffuse type; tumor paraganglion; tumor with perivascular epithelioid cell differentiation; unclassified pleomorphic sarcoma (formerly "malignant fibrous histiocytoma"); unclassified pleomorphic sarcoma (formerly "mfh"); undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma/malignant fibrous histiocytoma/high-grade spindle cell sarcoma; undifferentiated pleomorphic soft tissue sarcoma; ups; well differentiated liposarcoma; well-differentiated liposarcoma
descriptions : A benign soft tissue neoplasm characterized by the presence of spindle and stellate cells, lobulated growth pattern, and myxoid stroma formation.; A benign vascular lesion characterized by the formation of capillary-sized or cavernous vascular channels.; A benign, localized, nodular and well-circumscribed neoplasm usually seen as a congenital neoplasm or in the first year of life. It is characterized by a biphasic growth pattern and is composed of small, undifferentiated mesenchymal cells associated with branching thin-walled vessels and more mature neoplastic spindle cells with abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm in a collagenous stroma.; A general term comprising tissue that is not hardened or calcified; including muscle, fat, blood vessels, nerves, tendons, ligaments and fascia.; A group of rare tumors that affect the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues. The cells of origin are the histiocytes and accessory cells. This category includes the following: Langerhans cell histiocytosis, Langerhans cell sarcoma, indeterminate dendritic cell histiocytosis, interdigitating dendritic cell sarcoma, histiocytic sarcoma, disseminated juvenile xanthogranuloma, Erdheim-Chester disease, Rosai-Dorfman-Destombes disease, ALK-positive histiocytosis, and follicular dendritic cell sarcoma.; A liposarcoma characterized by the presence of round non-lipogenic primitive mesenchymal cells and small signet ring lipoblasts within a myxoid stoma with a branching vascular pattern.  This category includes hypercellular lesions with round cell morphology, formerly known as round cell liposarcoma.; A localized neoplasm of probable fibroblastic derivation. It is characterized by the presence of round to spindle-shaped cells, hylanized stroma formation, thin-walled branching blood vessels, and thin bands of collagen.; A locally aggressive, diffusely infiltrating tumor, arising in the tendon sheath.  It is composed of synovial-like mononuclear cells, hemosiderin-laden macrophages, foam cells, and inflammatory cells.  Multinucleated osteoclast-like giant cells are usually present, although in a minority of cases they may be absent or rare.  It predominantly affects young adults.  Symptoms include joint swelling, pain, and joint effusion.; A locally infiltrating, non-metastasizing angiomyxoma arising from the pelviperineal region.  It may recur following resection; A low-grade malignant blood vessel neoplasm characterized by the presence of epithelioid endothelial cells. The neoplastic cells are arranged in cords and nests that are embedded in a myxoid to hyalinized stroma.; A low-grade, late-metastasizing variant of fibrosarcoma characterized by alternating fibrous and myxoid areas and a whorling growth pattern.  The neoplastic cells have a spindle morphology, and lack hyperchromasia or significant nuclear atypia.  Approximately 40% of cases show the focal presence of collagen rosettes.  A t(7;16)(q33;p11) translocation has been identified in the majority of cases, associated with the presence of FUS-CREB3L2 fusion protein.  Rare cases carry the t(11;16)(p11;p11) translocation which is associated with the presence of the FUS-CREB3L1 fusion protein.; A malignant fibroblastic neoplasm arising from the soft tissue. It is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped cells, cellular pleomorphism, thin-walled blood vessels, fibrous septa, and myxoid stroma.; A malignant mesenchymal fibroblastic neoplasm affecting the soft tissue and bone.; A malignant neoplasm arising from the large blood vessels.  It is characterized by the presence of tumor cells that grow within the lumen of the blood vessels.  The intraluminal tumor growth may result in vascular obstruction and spread of tumor emboli to peripheral organs.  The prognosis is usually poor.; A malignant neoplasm characterized by the chromosomal translocation t(X;18)(p11;q11).  It can occur at any age, but mainly affects young adults, more commonly males.  Although any site can be affected, the vast majority of the cases arise in the deep soft tissues of extremities, especially around the knee.  Microscopically, synovial sarcoma is classified as monophasic (with a spindle or epithelial cell component) or biphasic (with both spindle and epithelial cell components).  Synovial sarcomas can recur or metastasize to the lungs, bones, and lymph nodes.; A malignant tumor arising from the endothelial cells of the blood vessels.  Microscopically, it is characterized by frequently open vascular anastomosing and branching channels.  The malignant cells that line the vascular channels are spindle or epithelioid and often display hyperchromatic nuclei.  Angiosarcomas most frequently occur in the skin and breast.  Patients with long-standing lymphedema are at increased risk of developing angiosarcoma.; A multinodular intermediate fibroblastic neoplasm that arises from soft tissue or viscera, in children and young adults.  It is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts and myofibroblasts, and a chronic inflammatory infiltrate composed of eosinophils, lymphocytes, and plasma cells.; A neoplasm arising from paraganglia located along the sympathetic or parasympathetic nerves.  Infrequently, it may arise outside the usual distribution of the sympathetic and parasympathetic paraganglia.  Tumors arising from the adrenal gland medulla are called pheochromocytomas.  Morphologically, paragangliomas usually display a nesting (Zellballen) growth pattern.  There are no reliable morphologic criteria to distinguish between benign and malignant paragangliomas.  The only definitive indicator of malignancy is the presence of regional or distant metastases.; A poorly circumscribed morphologic variant of rhabdomyosarcoma that shows primitive skeletal muscle differentiation in any stage of myogenesis.; A rapidly growing rhabdomyosarcoma characterized by the presence of round cells with myoblastic differentiation and a fibrovascular stroma resembling an alveolar growth pattern. The tumor usually presents in the extremities.; A rare aggressive malignant mesenchymal neoplasm that arises from striated (skeletal or cardiac) muscle cells. It usually occurs in children and young adults.; A rare malignant neoplasm characterized by the presence of large epithelioid cells with abundant cytoplasm forming nests and pseudoalveolar structures. The groups of the epithelioid cells are separated by thin-walled sinusoidal spaces. It occurs most often in adolescents and young adults. In adults the most common sites of involvement are the extremities, and in infants and children, the head and neck. It usually presents as a slowly growing mass and it frequently metastasizes to other anatomic sites. The most common sites of metastasis are the lungs, bone, and brain.; A rare malignant neoplasm with melanocytic differentiation characterized by the presence of polygonal or spindle shaped clear cells. This sarcoma usually affects the tendons and aponeuroses and is associated with a poor prognosis due to recurrences and metastases.; A rare soft tissue tumor of uncertain lineage characterized by the presence of neoplastic spindle to round cells forming cords in a fibromyxoid stroma.  The lesions are associated with the formation of metaplastic bone.  Most patients present with painless subcutaneous masses.  Recurrences have been reported in a minority of patients.; A rare, aggressive liposarcoma characterized by the presence of varying proportions of pleomorphic lipoblasts in a background that resembles undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma.; A sarcoma that arises in the bones or soft tissues following exposure to ionizing or non-ionizing radiation.; A soft tissue mesenchymal tumor with perivascular epithelioid cell differentiation. Representative examples include angiomyolipoma, clear cell-sugar-tumor of the lung, and lymphangioleiomyomatosis.; A stromal tumor most commonly seen in the gastrointestinal tract. Rare cases of solitary masses in the omentum or the mesentery have also been reported (extragastrointestinal gastrointestinal stromal tumor).  It is a tumor that differentiates along the lines of interstitial cells of Cajal.  Most cases contain KIT- or PDGFRA-activating mutations. Until recently, surgery has been the only effective therapy for this tumor.  However, many patients still experience recurrence.  Conventional chemotherapy and radiation therapy have been of limited value.  A KIT tyrosine kinase inhibitor, imatinib mesylate (also known as STI-571 or Gleevec), is now effective in the treatment of relapsed and unresectable cases.; A usually painless malignant tumor that arises from adipose tissue.  Microscopically, it may contain a spectrum of neoplastic adipocytes ranging from lipoblasts to pleomorphic malignant adipocytes.  Morphologic variants include: well differentiated, dedifferentiated, pleomorphic, and myxoid liposarcoma.  The metastatic potential is higher in less differentiated tumors.; A usually slow growing, subcutaneous nodular neoplasm arising from myopericytes.  It is composed of myoid cells arranged in a perivascular growth pattern.  The vast majority of cases have a benign clinical course.; A very rare morphologic variant of glomus tumor with a size greater than 2 cm.  The tumor arises in subfascial or visceral tissues. It is characterized by the presence of atypical mitotic figures, or marked nuclear atypia, or the combination of both.  It has an aggressive clinical course.; A well-circumscribed malignant fibroblastic neoplasm that usually arises from the soft tissue. It is characterized by the presence of nests of malignant epithelioid fibroblasts and sclerotic collagen stroma formation.; An aggressive malignant mesenchymal neoplasm that arises from smooth muscle cells and is characterized by a proliferation of neoplastic spindle cells. Morphologic variants include epithelioid, granular cell, inflammatory, and myxoid leiomyosarcoma. It usually occurs in post-menopausal women.; An aggressive malignant mesenchymal neoplasm with skeletal muscle differentiation, occurring in adults and rarely in children.  The tumor is characterized by the presence of bizarre round, spindle, and polygonal cells.  Clinical presentation includes a rapidly enlarging painful mass usually of the lower extremities.; An aggressive malignant neoplasm of uncertain differentiation, characterized by the presence of epithelioid cells forming nodular patterns.  The nodules often undergo central necrosis, resulting in a pseudogranulomatous growth pattern.  It usually occurs in young adults.  The most common sites of involvement are the extremities (distal-type epithelioid sarcoma), and less frequently the pelvis, perineum, and genital organs (proximal-type epithelioid sarcoma).; An aggressive malignant neoplasm with a poor response to therapy, usually presenting as stage III/IV disease. It is characterized by the presence of neoplastic cells with morphologic and immunophenotypic characteristics similar to those seen in mature histiocytes.; An aggressive malignant soft tissue neoplasm of uncertain differentiation.  It is characterized by a recurrent chromosomal translocation t(11;22)(p13;q12) and the presence of small round cells in a desmoplastic stroma.  It usually affects children and young adults.  The most common site of involvement is the abdomen.  Patients usually present with abdominal distention, pain, ascites, and a palpable abdominal mass.  The prognosis is usually poor.; An atypical lipomatous tumor/well differentiated liposarcoma that shows progression to a usually non-lipomatous, high grade sarcoma.  The non-lipomatous sarcoma component may be present in the primary lesion or at the site of recurrence.; An epithelioid sarcoma predominantly involving the pelvis, perineum, and genital organs.  It tends to have a more aggressive clinical course as compared to the more frequently seen distal-type epithelioid sarcoma.; An infiltrating malignant tumor characterized by the presence of atypical cells with myoepithelial differentiation. Representative examples include malignant breast myoepithelioma and salivary gland myoepithelial carcinoma.; An insidious, locally aggressive, poorly circumscribed neoplasm arising from the deep soft tissues. It is characterized by the presence of elongated spindle-shaped fibroblasts, collagenous stroma formation, and an infiltrative growth pattern. It lacks metastatic potential.; An uncommon variant of rhabdomyosarcoma characterized by the presence of whorls of spindle cells forming a storiform pattern. In children it usually arises in the paratesticular region. In adults it usually arises from the deep soft tissues in the head and neck.; An undifferentiated soft tissue sarcoma characterized by the presence of a pleomorphic malignant cellular infiltrate.  It is also known as malignant fibrous histiocytoma.

oncotree_code : TESTIS
tissue_name : Testis
key_phrases : choriocarcinoma testis; embryonal carcinoma testis; endodermal sinus neoplasm testis; endodermal sinus tumor testis; genital system male testis; germ cell tumor with somatic-type malignancy; gonad male genitalia; gonad male reproductive system; lymphoma testis; male gonad; mixed germ cell neoplasm testis; mixed germ cell tumor testis; non-hodgkin lymphoma; non-seminomatous germ cell tumor; primary testicular lymphoma; seminoma malignant; seminoma pure; sex cord stromal tumor; teratoma testis; testes; testicles; testicular cancer; testicular choriocarcinoma; testicular embryonal carcinoma; testicular endodermal sinus neoplasm; testicular endodermal sinus tumor; testicular germ cell tumor (mixed); testicular mesothelioma; testicular mixed germ cell neoplasm; testicular mixed germ cell tumor; testicular teratoma; testicular yolk sac neoplasm; testicular yolk sac tumor; testis structure (body structure); yolk sac neoplasm testis; yolk sac tumor testis
descriptions : A lymphoma that arises from the testis and is not associated with lymphoma in another anatomic site.; A malignant germ cell neoplasm arising from the testis.  It is composed of primitive epithelial cells arranged in solid, papillary, and glandular configurations.  Most patients present with a testicular mass, which may be associated with pain.  More than half of the patients have metastatic disease at diagnosis.  The form of treatment following radical orchiectomy is stage dependent.; A malignant germ cell tumor arising from the testis.  It represents the rarest of the testicular germ cell tumors. Histologically it is characterized by the presence of syncytiotrophoblasts and cytotrophoblasts.; A malignant germ cell tumor that arises from the testis and is characterized by the presence of more than one histologic component.  Representative examples include mixed choriocarcinoma and embryonal carcinoma, mixed embryonal carcinoma and seminoma, and mixed yolk sac tumor and teratoma.; A non-seminomatous germ cell tumor arising from the testis. It is characterized by the presence of various tissues which correspond to the different germinal layers (endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm). Testicular teratomas in children follow a benign clinical course whereas in postpubertal patients may metastasize to other anatomic sites.; A non-seminomatous malignant germ cell tumor arising from the testis.  It affects infants, young children, and postpubertal males.  It is the most frequently seen testicular neoplasm during childhood.  The vast majority of patients present with an asymptomatic scrotal mass.  The tumor mimics the yolk sac of the embryo and produces alpha-fetoprotein (AFP).  It metastasizes to distant anatomic sites.  Prognostic factors relate to the clinical stage and the degree of AFP elevation.; A radiosensitive malignant germ cell tumor found in the testis (especially undescended), and extragonadal sites (anterior mediastinum and pineal gland).  It is characterized by the presence of uniform cells with clear or dense cytoplasm which contains glycogen, and by a large nucleus which contains one or more nucleoli.  The neoplastic germ cells form aggregates separated by fibrous septa.  The fibrous septa contain chronic inflammatory cells, mainly lymphocytes.; Either of the paired male reproductive glands that produce the male germ cells and the male hormones.

oncotree_code : THYMUS
tissue_name : Thymus
key_phrases : epithelial neoplasm thymus; epithelial tumor thymus; reticuloendothelial system thymus; thymic cancer; thymic carcinoma (excluding well differentiated thymic carcinoma); thymic carcinoma excluding well differentiated thymic carcinoma; thymic epithelial neoplasm; thymic epithelial tumor; thymic epithelium neoplasm; thymic neuroendocrine tumor; thymic tumor; thymoma type c; thymus carcinoma; thymus epithelial neoplasm; thymus epithelial tumor; thymus gland structure (body structure); thymus organ; type c thymoma
descriptions : A bi-lobed organ surrounded by a connective tissue capsule. It is located in the upper anterior portion of the chest, behind the sternum. It is composed predominantly of lymphocytes and fewer epithelial cells. Connective tissue septa separate the lobes into lobules. The lobules contain an outer portion (cortical zone) which is rich in lymphocytes and an inner portion (medullary zone) which is rich in epithelial cells. It is an organ essential for the development of the immune system. Its function is the maturation of the progenitor lymphoid cells to thymocytes and subsequently to mature T-cells. It reaches its greatest weight at puberty and subsequently begins to involute.; A diverse group of carcinomas of the thymus gland, previously known as thymoma type C.  It includes morphologic variants derived from purely epithelial cells, as well as from cells with neuroendocrine differentiation.; A neoplasm arising from the epithelial cells of the thymus.  Although thymomas are usually encapsulated tumors, they may invade the capsule and infiltrate the surrounding tissues or even metastasize to distant anatomic sites.  The following morphologic subtypes are currently recognized: type A, type B, type AB, metaplastic, micronodular, microscopic, and sclerosing thymoma.  Thymomas type B are further subdivided into types B1, B2, and B3. Thymoma type B3 usually has the most aggressive clinical course.; An epithelial neoplasm that affects the thymus gland. This category includes thymomas, carcinomas, and neuroendocrine neoplasms.

oncotree_code : THYROID
tissue_name : Thyroid
key_phrases : anaplastic carcinoma thyroid gland; anaplastic follicular cell derived thyroid carcinoma; anaplastic follicular cell derived thyroid gland carcinoma; anaplastic thyroid cancer; anaplastic thyroid carcinoma; anaplastic thyroid gland carcinoma; atc; c cell carcinoma; c-cell carcinoma; carcinoma c-cell malignant; carcinoma follicular cell malignant; dedifferentiated thyroid gland carcinoma; follicular adenocarcinoma well differentiated; follicular cancer thyroid gland; follicular carcinoma thyroid gland; follicular carcinoma well differentiated; follicular thyroid cancer; follicular thyroid carcinoma; follicular thyroid gland carcinoma; follicular/papillary thyroid gland carcinoma; ftc; gland thyroid; head and neck thyroid; hta; htt; hurthle cell carcinoma thyroid gland; hurthle cell thyroid cancer; hurthle cell thyroid gland carcinoma; hyalinizing trabecular adenoma thyroid; insular carcinoma; medullary carcinoma thyroid gland; medullary thyroid cancer; medullary thyroid carcinoma; medullary thyroid gland carcinoma; metaplastic thyroid gland carcinoma; mtc; oncocytic adenoma thyroid; oncocytic carcinoma thyroid; papillary cancer thyroid gland; papillary carcinoma thyroid gland; papillary thyroid cancer; papillary thyroid carcinoma; parafollicular cell carcinoma; paraganglioma-like adenoma; pdtc; plat; pleomorphic thyroid gland carcinoma; poorly differentiated carcinoma thyroid gland; poorly differentiated thyroid cancer; poorly differentiated thyroid carcinoma; poorly differentiated thyroid gland cancer; poorly differentiated thyroid gland carcinoma; ptc; sarcomatoid thyroid gland carcinoma; thyroid follicular carcinoma; thyroid gland anaplastic carcinoma; thyroid gland carcinosarcoma; thyroid gland differentiated carcinoma; thyroid gland follicular cancer; thyroid gland follicular carcinoma; thyroid gland giant cell carcinoma; thyroid gland hurthle cell carcinoma; thyroid gland hyalinizing trabecular tumor; thyroid gland medullary cancer; thyroid gland medullary carcinoma; thyroid gland metaplastic carcinoma; thyroid gland neuroendocrine carcinoma; thyroid gland oncocytic carcinoma; thyroid gland oncocytic follicular carcinoma; thyroid gland papillary and follicular carcinoma; thyroid gland papillary cancer; thyroid gland papillary carcinoma; thyroid gland pleomorphic carcinoma; thyroid gland poorly differentiated carcinoma; thyroid gland sarcomatoid carcinoma; thyroid gland spindle cell carcinoma; thyroid gland undifferentiated (anaplastic) carcinoma; thyroid gland well differentiated carcinoma; thyroid hurthle cell carcinoma; thyroid hyalinizing trabecular adenoma; thyroid medullary carcinoma; thyroid oncocytic carcinoma; thyroid papillary carcinoma; thyroid structure (body structure); total thyroid; undifferentiated (anaplastic) thyroid gland cancer; undifferentiated (anaplastic) thyroid gland carcinoma; undifferentiated carcinoma thyroid gland; undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma; undifferentiated thyroid gland carcinoma; undifferentiated thyroid tumor; well differentiated thyroid carcinoma; well differentiated thyroid gland carcinoma; well-differentiated follicular adenocarcinoma; well-differentiated follicular carcinoma; well-differentiated thyroid cancer
descriptions : A differentiated adenocarcinoma arising from the follicular cells of the thyroid gland.  Radiation exposure is a risk factor and it is the most common malignant thyroid lesion, comprising 75% to 80% of all thyroid cancers in iodine sufficient countries.  Diagnostic procedures include thyroid ultrasound and fine needle biopsy.  Microscopically, the diagnosis is based on the distinct characteristics of the malignant cells, which include enlargement, oval shape, elongation, and overlapping of the nuclei.  The nuclei also display clearing or have a ground glass appearance.; A differentiated adenocarcinoma arising from the follicular cells of the thyroid gland.  The nuclear features which characterize the thyroid gland papillary carcinoma are absent.  Radiation exposure is a risk factor and it comprises approximately 10% to 15% of thyroid cancers.  Clinically, it usually presents as a solitary mass in the thyroid gland.  It is generally unifocal and thickly encapsulated and shows invasion of the capsule or the vessels.  Diagnostic procedures include thyroid ultrasound and fine needle biopsy.; A follicular carcinoma of the thyroid gland, characterized by the presence of large cells with eosinophilic granular cytoplasm and pleomorphic nuclei with prominent, eosinophilic nucleoli.  The nuclear features that characterize the papillary carcinomas of the thyroid gland are absent.; A follicular-derived thyroid gland carcinoma that is histologically poorly differentiated and has high-grade features.; A neuroendocrine carcinoma arising from the C-cells of the thyroid gland. It is closely associated with multiple endocrine neoplasia syndromes. Approximately 10% to 20% of medullary thyroid carcinomas are familial. Patients usually present with a thyroid nodule that is painless and firm. In the majority of cases nodal involvement is present at diagnosis. Surgery is the preferred treatment for both primary lesions and recurrences. This carcinoma is generally not very sensitive to radiation and almost unresponsive to chemotherapy.; A primary carcinoma of the thyroid gland composed of undifferentiated cells.  The malignant cells demonstrate evidence of epithelial differentiation, either by immunohistochemistry or electron microscopic studies. Microscopically, in the majority of cases there is a mixture of spindle, epithelioid, and giant cells. The vast majority of the patients present with a rapidly enlarging neck mass. The clinical course is usually aggressive.; A rare, circumscribed or encapsulated tumor arising from the follicular cells of the thyroid gland.  It is characterized by a trabecular growth pattern and hyalinized stroma formation.  The vast majority of cases have a benign clinical course.; An adenocarcinoma that arises from the thyroid gland and shows extensive evidence of follicular cell differentiation.  According to the nuclear features of the malignant follicular cells, it is classified either as papillary or follicular carcinoma.; An endocrine gland located at the base of the neck that produces and secretes thyroxine and other hormones. Thyroxine is important for metabolic control.

oncotree_code : UTERUS
tissue_name : Uterus
key_phrases : adenosarcoma body uterus; adenosarcoma uterine body; adenosarcoma uterine corpus; adenosquamous cell carcinoma cervix uteri; adenosquamous cell carcinoma uterine cervix; body uterus adenosarcoma; body uterus fibroid; body uterus leiomyoma; body uterus leiomyosarcoma; body uterus sarcoma; borderline uterine corpus smooth muscle neoplasm; carcinoma endometrial malignant; carcinosarcoma uterus; cervical adenosquamous cancer; cervical adenosquamous carcinoma; cervical adenosquamous cell carcinoma; cervical clear cell adenocarcinoma; cervical clear cell carcinoma; cervical undifferentiated carcinoma; cervix uteri adenosquamous cell carcinoma; cervix uteri clear cell adenocarcinoma; cervix uteri clear cell carcinoma; chorioadenoma destruens; classical hydatidiform mole; clear cell adenocarcinoma cervix uteri; clear cell adenocarcinoma uterine cervix; clear cell carcinoma cervix uteri; clear cell carcinoma uterine cervix; complete mole; corpus uteri fibroid; corpus uteri leiomyoma; corpus uteri leiomyosarcoma; corpus uteri sarcoma; eec; endolymphatic stromal myosis; endometrial cancer; endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma; endometrial endometrioid carcinoma; endometrial mucinous adenocarcinoma; endometrial serous adenocarcinoma; endometrioid adenocarcinoma endometrium; endometrioid carcinoma endometrium; endometrioid endomet. adenocar.; endometrioid endometrial adenocarcinoma; epithelioid trophoblastic tumor; ess; ett; fibroid body uterus; fibroid corpus uteri; fibroid uterine body; fibroid uterine corpus; fibroid uterus; fibromyoma; genital system female uterus; gestational trophoblastic disease; gestational trophoblastic neoplasia; gestational uterine corpus choriocarcinoma; high-grade endometrial stromal sarcoma; hpv- independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell type; hpv- independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell-type; human papillomavirus-independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell type; human papillomavirus-independent cervical adenocarcinoma clear cell-type; incomplete hydatid mole; incomplete hydatidiform mole; incomplete molar pregnancy; invasive gestational trophoblastic neoplasm; invasive hydatidiform mole; invasive mole; leiomyofibroma; leiomyoma body uterus; leiomyoma corpus uteri; leiomyoma uterine body; leiomyoma uterine corpus; leiomyosarcoma body uterus; leiomyosarcoma corpus uteri; leiomyosarcoma uterine body; leiomyosarcoma uterine corpus; leiomyosarcoma uterus; low grade endometrioid stromal sarcoma; low-grade endometrial stromal sarcoma; low-grade endometrioid stromal sarcoma; malignant mixed mesodermal (mullerian) tumor uterus; malignant mixed mesodermal (müllerian) tumor uterus; other uterine tumor; partial hydatid mole; partial hydatidiform mole; partial molar pregnancy; partial mole; placental site gestational trophoblastic tumor; placental site trophoblastic tumor; placental-site gestational trophoblastic neoplasm; placental-site gestational trophoblastic tumor; placental-site gtt; poorly differentiated carcinoma uterus; pstt; sarcoma endometrial stromal; serous endometrial adenocarcinoma; stromal sarcoma endometrial malignant; trophoblastic tumor epithelioid; ucec; undifferentiated cervical cancer; undifferentiated uterine sarcoma; uterine adenosarcoma; uterine adenosquamous carcinoma; uterine body adenosarcoma; uterine body fibroid; uterine body leiomyoma; uterine body leiomyosarcoma; uterine body sarcoma; uterine cancer; uterine carcinosarcoma/uterine malignant mixed mullerian tumor; uterine cervix adenosquamous cell carcinoma; uterine cervix clear cell adenocarcinoma; uterine cervix clear cell carcinoma; uterine clear cell carcinoma; uterine corpus adenosarcoma; uterine corpus endomential carcinoma; uterine corpus endometrioid adenocarcinoma; uterine corpus endometrioid carcinoma; uterine corpus epithelioid leiomyosarcoma; uterine corpus fibroid; uterine corpus gestational choriocarcinoma; uterine corpus leiomyomata; uterine corpus leiomyosarcoma; uterine corpus mucinous adenocarcinoma; uterine corpus mullerian adenosarcoma; uterine corpus myxoid leiomyosarcoma; uterine corpus müllerian adenosarcoma; uterine corpus pecoma; uterine corpus perivascular epithelioid cell tumor; uterine corpus sarcoma; uterine corpus serous adenocarcinoma; uterine corpus smooth muscle neoplasm uncertain malignant potential; uterine corpus smooth muscle tumor uncertain malignant potential; uterine corpus stump; uterine corpus undifferentiated endometrial sarcoma; uterine corpus undifferentiated sarcoma; uterine dedifferentiated carcinoma; uterine endometrioid carcinoma; uterine epithelioid leiomyosarcoma; uterine fibroids; uterine leiomyoma; uterine leiomyosarcoma; uterine malignant mixed mesodermal (mullerian) tumor; uterine malignant mixed mesodermal (müllerian) tumor; uterine mesonephric carcinoma; uterine mixed endometrial carcinoma; uterine mucinous carcinoma; uterine myxoid leiomyosarcoma; uterine neuroendocrine carcinoma; uterine perivascular epithelioid cell tumor; uterine sarcoma other; uterine sarcoma/mesenchymal; uterine serous adenocarcinoma; uterine serous carcinoma/uterine papillary serous carcinoma; uterine serous papillary adenocarcinoma; uterine smooth muscle tumor uncertain malignant potential; uterine structure (body structure); uterine undifferentiated carcinoma; utero; womb
descriptions : A benign smooth muscle neoplasm arising from the body of the uterus. It is characterized by the presence of spindle cells with cigar-shaped nuclei, interlacing fascicles, and a whorled pattern.; A benign, intermediate, or malignant neoplasm that arises from the uterine corpus and is composed of neoplastic cells with smooth muscle differentiation.; A complete hydatidiform mole or very rarely a partial mole that invades the myometrium.; A diverse group of pregnancy-related tumors characterized by excessive proliferation of trophoblasts. It includes gestational choriocarcinoma, epithelioid trophoblastic tumor, placental site trophoblastic tumor, and mixed trophoblastic tumor.; A gestational trophoblastic disorder characterized by marked enlargement of the chorionic villi, hyperplasia of the villous trophoblastic cells and hydropic changes.; A gestational trophoblastic disorder characterized by the presence of an abnormal fetus and two populations of chorionic villi: one population which is unremarkable and a second one which shows hydropic changes.; A gestational trophoblastic disorder in which there is no embryo or normal placental tissue and the chorionic villi are hydropic.; A gestational trophoblastic tumor characterized by the presence of a monomorphous cellular population of intermediate trophoblastic cells infiltrating in a nodular pattern.; A high-grade, aggressive adenocarcinoma arising from the endometrium. It is characterized by the presence of complex papillary patterns with cellular budding. Atypical mitoses, necrosis, and psammoma bodies may be present. It is classified as type II endometrial carcinoma and it is not associated with endometrial hyperplasia. It tends to invade deeply into the myometrium and spreads into the lymphatic vessels. Patients frequently present with spread of the tumor beyond the uterus at the time of diagnosis. The prognosis is usually poor.; A hollow, thick-walled, muscular organ located within the pelvic cavity of a woman. Within the uterus the fertilized egg implants and the fetus develops during pregnancy.; A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm arising from the wall of the uterine corpus (uterine body).  The most representative examples are leiomyosarcoma and endometrial stromal sarcoma.; A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm that affects the uterine corpus and rarely the ovaries, cervix, vagina, and peritoneum. In the uterine corpus it is classified as low-grade or high-grade endometrial stromal sarcoma. In the remainder of the anatomic sites, it is classified as low-grade endometrioid stromal sarcoma.; A malignant tumor arising from the epithelium that lines the cavity of the uterine body.  The vast majority of endometrial carcinomas are adenocarcinomas; squamous cell and adenosquamous carcinomas represent a minority of the cases.  Endometrioid adenocarcinoma is the most frequently seen variant of endometrial adenocarcinoma.  Uterine bleeding is an initial clinical sign.  The prognosis depends on the stage of the tumor, the depth of myometrial wall invasion, and the degree of differentiation.; A morphologic variant of leiomyosarcoma arising from the uterine corpus.  It is characterized by the presence of epithelioid round cells with eosinophilic to clear cytoplasm.; A morphologic variant of leiomyosarcoma arising from the uterus corpus.  It is characterized by the presence of cellular pleomorphism, malignant cells with large nuclei, and a myxoid stroma.; A neoplasm with perivascular epithelioid cell differentiation arising from the uterine corpus wall.; A primary endometrial adenocarcinoma composed of neoplastic cells that form complex glandular patterns associated with budding and branching of the neoplastic glands.  The neoplastic glands resemble those of the normal endometrium and may or may not be associated with sheet-like proliferation of malignant cells.  Endometrioid adenocarcinoma is the most commonly seen morphologic variant of endometrial adenocarcinoma.; A primary polypoid malignant neoplasm of the uterine corpus characterized by the presence of a sarcomatous mesenchymal component and a benign epithelial component. Patients usually present with abnormal vaginal bleeding. It is considered a low grade malignant neoplasm and may recur following resection.; A primary, usually low grade adenocarcinoma of the endometrium in which the majority of the malignant epithelial cells contain abundant intracytoplasmic mucin.; A rare carcinoma that arises from the cervix and is characterized by the lack of specific cellular differentiation.; A rare gestational trophoblastic tumor characterized by the presence of a diffuse cellular infiltrate composed of intermediate trophoblasts and cytotrophoblasts and by the absense of a significant population of syncytiotrophoblasts.; A rare, high grade sarcoma that arises from the endometrial stroma or myometrium without a specific type of differentiation. It was previously also known as high grade endometrial stromal sarcoma. In 2014, high grade endometrial stromal sarcoma was reclassified and is currently considered a distinct and rare neoplasm. Undifferentiated uterine sarcoma has a worse prognosis.; A smooth muscle neoplasm that arises from the uterine corpus and cannot be reliably diagnosed as benign or malignant because of the presence of ambiguous morphologic findings.; A usually aggressive malignant neoplasm arising from the uterine corpus and less often the cervix.  It is characterized by the presence of two components: a malignant epithelial component and a sarcomatous component.  In the uterine corpus the epithelial component is usually glandular whereas in the cervix is usually non-glandular.  Carcinosarcoma of the cervix, although it is aggressive, it may have a better prognosis compared to the uterine corpus carcinosarcoma.; An aggressive malignant smooth muscle neoplasm, arising from the uterine corpus.  It is characterized by a proliferation of neoplastic spindle cells.; An aggressive malignant tumor arising from trophoblastic cells in the uterus during pregnancy.  Approximately half of the cases develop from a complete hydatidiform mole.  There is often marked elevation of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in the blood.  Choriocarcinomas disseminate rapidly through the hematogenous route; the lungs are most frequently affected.; An infiltrating mesenchymal neoplasm arising from the uterine corpus, cervix, vagina, ovary, and extremely rarely from the peritoneum. It is characterized by the presence of oval to spindle-shape cells that resemble the cells of the endometrial stroma, without evidence of significant atypia and pleomorphism. Numerous small vessels are also present. It is usually characterized by indolent growth and late recurrences.; An uncommon carcinoma arising from the cervix.  It is composed of malignant glandular epithelial cells and malignant squamous epithelial cells.; Cervical adenocarcinoma not associated with human papillomavirus infection and characterized by the presence of clear and hobnail cells. It is associated with in utero exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES).

oncotree_code : VULVA
tissue_name : Vulva/Vagina
key_phrases : adenocarcinoma vagina; combined germ cell neoplasm; combined germ cell tumor; dysgerminoma malignant; dysgerminoma ovary; embryonal carcinoma; embryonal teratoma; external genitalia; female pudendum; germ cell tumor vulva; grade 0 teratoma; grade 2 teratoma; immature teratoma; mammalian vulva; melanoma vagina; mixed germ cell neoplasm; mixed germ cell tumor; mucinous adenocarcinoma vulva/vagina; mucosal melanoma vulva/vagina; ovarian dysgerminoma; polyembryoma; poorly differentiated vaginal carcinoma; puboperineal region; pudendum femininum; squamous cell carcinoma vulva/vagina; vagina adenocarcinoma; vaginal adenocarcinoma; vaginal endodermal sinus neoplasm; vaginal endodermal sinus tumor; vaginal melanoma; vaginal mucinous adenocarcinoma; vaginal squamous cell cancer; vaginal squamous cell carcinoma not otherwise specified; vaginal yolk sac neoplasm; vaginal yolk sac tumor; vulval structure (body structure); vulvar carcinoma; vulvar/vaginal cancer
descriptions : A malignant germ cell tumor arising from the ovary.  Morphologically, it is identical to seminoma and consists of a monotonous population of germ cells with abundant pale cytoplasm and uniform nuclei.  The stroma invariably contains chronic inflammatory cells, mostly T-lymphocytes. It responds to chemotherapy or radiotherapy and the prognosis relates to the tumor stage.; A malignant germ cell tumor characterized by the presence of at least two different germ cell tumor components. The different germ cell tumor components include choriocarcinoma, embryonal carcinoma, yolk sac tumor, teratoma, and seminoma. It occurs in the ovary, testis, and extragonadal sites including central nervous system and mediastinum.; A primary malignant neoplasm of the vagina composed of malignant melanocytes.; A rare adenocarcinoma that arises from the vagina with histologic features resembling cervical mucinous adenocarcinoma.; A rare yolk sac tumor that arises from the vagina.; A teratoma characterized by the presence of an extensive component of immature, fetal-type tissues.; A teratoma which may be cystic; it is composed entirely of well differentiated, adult-type mature tissues, without evidence of fetal-type immature tissues (grade 0 teratoma).; An adenocarcinoma arising from the vagina.  Morphologic variants include the clear cell, endometrioid, mesonephric, and mucinous adenocarcinoma.; The external, visible part of the female genitalia surrounding the urethral and vaginal opening. The vulva includes the clitoris and inner as well as outer labia.; Vaginal squamous cell carcinoma in which information on the p16 immunohistochemistry or HPV testing status is not available.

